--- Page 1 ---
NIT/Bid Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-
Drive/252601015 Dated: 09.01.2026 
SECTION-1 
(IFB) Page 1 of 6 
 
 
 
 
CONVERGENCE ENERGY SERVICES LIMITED 
 9 th Floor, Jeevan Prakash Building,  
25, KG Marg, New Delhi – 110001 
 
CONTRACTS DEPARTMENT 
 
OPEN TENDER 
 
SECTION-1 
 
DETAILED INVITATION FOR BIDS (IFB) 
 
FOR 
 
Name of Work: Selection of Bus Operator for Procurement, Supply, Operation & 
Maintenance and Development of Allied Electric & Civil Infrastructure on Gross Cost 
Contracting (GCC) for 2,900 Electric Buses under PM E-DRIVE Scheme Tender-II & 3,330 
for Delhi totalling to 6,230 number of electric buses. 
 
NIT/Bid Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 
Dated: 09.01.2026 
 
 
CESL invites E-bids from interested bidders for the aforesaid work(s) under Single-stage 
Two-envelope Bidding Process THROUGH E-TENDERING*. For details about the IFB, please 
refer to the details that follow. Any amendment(s)/corrigendum/clarification(s) with respect 
to this Tender shall be uploaded on the E-Procurement website only. The bidders should keep 
themselves updated by regularly visiting the E-Procurement website of CESL for any 
amendment/corrigendum/ clarification in regard to this Tender. 
 
 
 
 
For & on Behalf of CESL 
 
 
  

--- Page 2 ---
NIT/Bid Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-
Drive/252601015 Dated: 09.01.2026 
SECTION-1 
(IFB) Page 2 of 6 
 
 
Note (*) 
 
a) The bids for E-tenders will be submitted online on the web site https://cesl.eproc.in. 
Oral, telephonic, telegraphic bids or those submitted in hard copies/physical form will 
not be entertained.  
b) The Bidders are advised to submit their bids well on time preferably one hour prior to 
bid closing time to cater to possible system slow down/requirement of assistance by 
bidders etc.. CESL shall not be responsible for late/non-submission of bids due to above 
scenario which are beyond CESL control during the closing minutes of the tender, though 
every effort will be made to keep the portal fully functional at all times during the bidding 
process. 
c) In case, anything to the contrary is mentioned anywhere in the Tender, the same should 
be ignored. 
d) In the event of a technical support being sought from the support team during the 
bidding process, the bidder may exercise abundant caution while sharing details of their 
bid so that the bid confidentiality is not compromised. CESL shall not be liable for any 
lapse in the part of the bidders leading to a possible breach in confidentiality of their 
bid(s). 
e) CESL is neither a party nor a principal in the relationship between Bidder and the 
organisation hosting the e-procurement portal i.e M/s C1 India Ltd. (hereafter called the 
Portal).Bidders must acquaint themselves with the rules, regulation, procedures and the 
implied conditions/agreements of the Portal. Bidders intending to participate in the bid 
shall be required to register with the Portal. Bidders are advised to ensure they submit 
their bid within the deadline and time of Bid submission, taking the server clock as a 
reference, failing which the Portal shall not accept the Bids. No request on the account 
that the server clock was not showing the correct time and that a particular Bidder could 
not submit its Bid because of this shall be entertained. Failure and defects on the internet 
or heavy traffic at the server shall not be accepted as reason for a complaint. CESL shall 
not be responsible for any failure, malfunction or breakdown of the electronic system 
used during the e-Tender process. Bidders may acquaint themselves with the additional 
clauses/conditions for e-bidding on the Portal by referring to Para 5.2.7.1 of Manual of 
Procurement of Goods, second edition, 2024. issued by Dept. of expenditure, Min of 
Finance , GoI. 

--- Page 3 ---
NIT/Bid Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-
Drive/252601015 Dated: 09.01.2026 
SECTION-1 
(IFB) Page 3 of 6 
 
 
BID DETAILS 
 
NIT/Bid Document No. CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 Dated: 09.01.2026 
Tender Fee INR  25,000 /- (Rupees Twenty Five Thousand Only) Non-Refundable 
and Non-adjustable). 
Earnest Money Deposit Lot No. City EMD Requirement (in INR 
Crores) 
Lot 1 Pune ₹ 5.45 
Lot 2 Pune ₹ 25.94 
Lot 3 Mumbai ₹ 29.50 
Lot 4 Ahmedabad ₹ 4.54 
Lot 5 Hyderabad ₹ 6.09 
Lot 6 Delhi ₹ 14.70 
Lot 7 Delhi ₹ 37.20 
Lot 8 Delhi ₹ 11.40 
Total  134.82  
 
If Bidder is participating for more than one City, then cumulative sum 
of the required Bid Security mentioned above against each city shall 
be considered.  
 
For Example, if bidder participates for Ahmedabad and Hyderabad, 
then EMD requirement shall be INR 4.54 Crores + 6.09 Crores = INR 
10.63 Crores/-. 
 
(EMD to be valid up to (bid validity+45 days) days from the date of 
techno-commercial bid opening) 
Document Sale Date & 
Timing,  i.e., Last date & 
time for downloading 
RfP from website 
 
From 09.01.2026 to 10.03.2026 (up to 1400 IST) 
Online Bid Submission 
Period 
From 09.01.2026 to 10.03.2026 (up to 1430 IST) 
Pre-Bid Conference On 30.01.2026 at 11:00 Hrs IST through video Conferencing and 
also in physical mode at CESL Office, New Delhi Meeting link:  
 
https://teams.microsoft.com/l/meetup-
join/19%3ameeting_MmM5MWEyYjgtMTFmYi00NTBlLTgyMGYtYjc1ZWQw
NDE0ZmIx%40thread.v2/0?context=%7b%22Tid%22%3a%224a993be3-3ce0-
49c4-96e9-23324992b1dd%22%2c%22Oid%22%3a%221a07d1b8-98ce-426f-
8b07-2a1d82604e33%22%7d 
 
Meeting ID: 442 889 830 918 49  
Passcode: 5pj9py9i 
 
Note:  

--- Page 4 ---
NIT/Bid Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-
Drive/252601015 Dated: 09.01.2026 
SECTION-1 
(IFB) Page 4 of 6 
 
 
 Bidder shall ensure at their end that the device from which bidder 
is attending the online meeting is configured appropriately (if 
required). 
 
 CESL shall not be responsible for any issue arising on this context. 
All the queries shall be sent well in advance as defined in Section-4 (if 
any) 
Techno-commercial E-
bid Opening Date & 
Time 
23.02.2026 at 15:00 hrs. IST, online, at following address: - 
Convergence Energy Services Limited  
9th Floor, Jeevan Prakash Building,  
25,  KG Marg, New Delhi – 110001 
Bid Validity Duration 180 days from the date of opening of techno-commercial bid 
Bid Documents 
Sections in this Tender 
Section-1 - Detailed Invitation for Bids (IFB) 
Section-2 – Information to Bidders (ITB). 
Section-3 – General Conditions of Contract (GCC). 
Section-4 – Technical Specification and Special Conditions of Contract 
(SCC).- Including Volume-I, Volume-II and Volume-III 
Section-5 – Measurement and Verification. 
Section-6 – Forms & Procedures. 
Contact Person(s) for 
Technical Queries 
(copy of the query to be 
marked to Contracts 
Dept. as well) 
Sh. Manvendra Singh Chandel (DM-Tech), 
Sh. Venkata Srinivas (Head-EBus) 
Convergence Energy Services Ltd    
Email: (mchandel@eesl.co.in), (head-ebus.cesl@eesl.co.in) 
Contact Person(s) for 
Tender-related Queries 
Sh. Ashim Bhattacharya (Head-Contracts), 
Sh. Deepak Mittal (DM - Contracts), 
Convergence Energy Services Ltd. 
E-mail: abhattacharya@eesl.co.in 
dmittal@eesl.co.in   
RfP to be addressed to CGM (Contracts)  
Convergence Energy Services Limited  
9th Floor, Jeevan Prakash Building,  
25,  KG Marg, New Delhi – 110001 
 
1.0 All the bids must be accompanied by Tender Fee, Bid Security/EMD, as mentioned above. 
Bids not accompanying the Tender Fee and Bid Security/EMD, or those accompanied 
by these instruments of inadequate value, shall not be entertained and in such cases, 
the bids shall not be opened. 
 
The tender fee and Bid Security/EMD must reach the following address in a sealed envelope 
superscribed “EMD and Bidding Document Fee for CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-
Drive/252601015” before the submission date & time mentioned above. 
CGM -Contracts (CESL), 
Convergence Energy Services Limited  
9th Floor, Jeevan Prakash Building,  
25,  KG Marg, New Delhi – 110001 

--- Page 5 ---
NIT/Bid Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-
Drive/252601015 Dated: 09.01.2026 
SECTION-1 
(IFB) Page 5 of 6 
 
 
 
The details of the instruments of Tender Fee (DD/BG, etc. as applicable) have to be entered 
online in relevant fields/columns of the module while submitting the E-bid. It must be 
ensured by the bidder that the original instruments towards Tender Fee and EMD are 
received by CESL before opening time of the techno-commercial bids for verification of the 
details of the same as given online by the bidder. Failure to comply with this would render 
the bid liable for rejection and the bid will not be opened online. CESL will not be responsible 
for any delay, loss or non-receipt of Bidding/RfP Document Cost or EMD sent by post/courier. 
 
Any relaxation/exemption sought by bidders shall only be considered in accordance 
with relevant clauses Section-2 (ITB) regarding submission of EMD and Tender Fee 
and shall be subject to fulfilment of conditions defined in the said clauses. Since all the 
conditions explained in the said clauses for seeking exemption from submission of Tender 
Fee & EMD are self-explanatory, bidders should ascertain about their fulfilment of all 
conditions and submit their bid accordingly. If at any stage, it is found that false information 
is furnished or non-compliance of any of the conditions defined at the said clauses, the 
bid/offer shall be considered as non-responsive and would not be considered for further 
evaluation. Bidder seeking exemption from submission of the Tender Fee and the EMD has 
to mandatorily submit/upload the scanned copy of their valid original registration 
certificate(s) as asked for in the relevant, clause along with other relevant documents as part 
of their online bid. 
 
2.0 In case Hard copy part of the bid is not received by CESL till the deadline for submission 
of the same prescribed by CESL, but the bidder has uploaded the soft copy part of the bid, the 
soft copy part of the Envelope-1 (First Envelope) bid uploaded on the portal shall be opened 
in line with provisions of Bidding Documents. Such bids will be rejected during preliminary 
examination. However, in case of MSEs who are exempted from submission of Tender fee and 
Bid Security/EMD, non-submission of Hard copy part shall not lead to outright rejection of 
the bid, but the documents required to be submitted in the hard copy part shall be sought 
through clarifications as brought out at ITB 4.2, Section-2. 
 
3.0 CESL reserves the right to cancel/withdraw this invitation for bids without assigning any 
reason and shall bear no liability whatsoever consequent upon such a decision. 
 
4.0 Steps for Registration on CESL’s E-Procurement Portal 
4.1 The subject procurement will be done through e-tendering. The NIT is available on the 
website https://cesl.eproc.in  or could be viewed after following the link of ‘e-Tendering’ 
on CESL's website's Home Page, i.e., http://convergence.co.in  from where the bidders 
registered with CESL (registration process is explained at the Home Page) will be able to 
download the Tender documents and submit their bids online. The Tender submission, 
Tender closing and opening will be done electronically and online. 
 
NOTE: CESL has appointed M/s. C1 India Pvt. Ltd., NOIDA as implementation agency 
for carrying out e-Procurement. Also, as per IT ACT 2000, use of Digital Signature 
Certificate (DSC) is mandatory for participating in the E-tendering process. New 
bidders should register on the website https://cesl.eproc.in by payment of one-time 

--- Page 6 ---
NIT/Bid Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-
Drive/252601015 Dated: 09.01.2026 
SECTION-1 
(IFB) Page 6 of 6 
 
 
registration fee of Rs. 5,000/- through DD in favour of “Convergence Energy Services 
Limited”. 
 
4.2 Bidders are requested to visit “e-Tendering” section at CESL website, www.convergence.co.in  
for instructions and registration on E-tendering portal. 
 
Steps for Registration on CESL’s E-Procurement Portal 
 
(i) Open portal by entering URL https://cesl.eproc.in in internet explorer. 
(ii) Download and read ‘System Requirement Manual’ and Registration Manual from 
our e-tendering portal https://cesl.eproc.in  
(iii) Click on ‘Login/Sign Up’ link and then Registration link for new registration. 
(iv) Fill all mandatory fields and click on submit button. 
(v) Login with the user id and password you have created. You will be redirected to a 
page where you have to enter your challenge phrase which is received in your 
registered email id. 
(vi) Register your class-III Signing and Encryption Digital Signature Certificate (DSC). 
(vii) Fill all mandatory fields of Common Info form and upload scan copy of your DD 
(in favour of “Convergence Energy Services Limited”, Delhi) in PDF format of INR 
5,000/- and click on save and send the original DD to CESL, Delhi office, Covering 
Letter on your letter head pad and print out of page regarding registration of 
approval (automatically generated on screen). 
(viii) Also read the instructions given under E-tendering link available at home page of 
CESL website www.convergence.co.in . 
 
Note: Online registration shall be done on e-tendering website, i.e., https://cesl.eproc.in 
& ingeneral,  activation  of  registration  may  take  24  hours  subject  to  the  submission  
of  original DD. It is sole responsibility of the bidder to register in advance. 
 
4.3 (A) Digital Signature Certificate: 
It is mandatory for all the bidders to have class-III Digital Signature Certificate (DSC) with 
signing and Encryption certificate (in the name of person who will sign the BID) from any 
of the licensed Certifying Agency (Bidders can see the list of licensed CAs from the link 
www.cca.gov.in ) to participate in e-tendering of CESL. 
 
(B) CESL Global Support Telephones and e-mail id 
Contact Details: +91-124-4302033/36/37, +91-8826814007 
ceslsupport@c1india.com, sandeep.bhandari@c1india.com 

--- Page 7 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 09.01.2026  SECTION - 2 (ITB) Page 1 of 32  
SECTION-2 INSTRUCTIONS TO THE BIDDER (ITB)  Topics                   Page No.  A. The Bidding Documents        04          1 The bidding documents includes the following      04  Definitions          04  Interpretations         06  1.2 Clarification on Bidding Documents       07  1.3 Amendment to bidding documents       07 1.4 Tender Fee          08  B. Preparation of Bids         08  2.1 Procedure for Submission of Bid/RfP.      08  2.2 Cost of Bid/ RfP         09  2.3 Language of Bids         09  2.4 Bid Security/Earnest Money Deposit (EMD) as attachment 2 in First Envelope: 09  2.5 Power of Attorney         14  2.6 Certificate regarding Acceptance of Important Conditions    15  2.7 Deviations,          15  2.8 Bid prices          15  2.9 Price Basis          16  2.10 Period of Validity of Bid        16  2.11 Format and Signing of Bid        16  2.12 Contents of the RfP/Bid        16  2.13 Conflict of Interest         16  2.14 Disclaimer          17  2.15 Authorized Signatory (Bidder or Consortium of bidders)    17   2.16 Consortium related conditions       17   2.17 Contact details of the Bidder or Consortium of bidders    18  2.18 Inspection / Checking / Testing       18  2.19 Removal of Rejected Goods and Replacement     18  2.20 Access to Bidders Premises       19  

--- Page 8 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 09.01.2026  SECTION - 2 (ITB) Page 2 of 32  
2.21 Taxes, Levies and Duties        19  2.22 Terms of Payment         19  2.23 Delivery Schedule         19  2.24 Source of Supply         19  2.25 Statutory Compliance/Certificate regarding Cyber Security Product   19  C. Submission of Bids         19  3.1 Sealing and Marking of Bids        19  3.2 Deadline for submission of bids       20  3.3 Late Bids:          20  D  Bid Opening and Evaluation       20  4.1 Bid Opening Process        20  4.2 Clarification on Bids        21  4.3 Preliminary Examination of Bids.       21  4.4 Arithmetical errors rectification process      21  4.5 Preliminary Evaluation        21  4.6 Acceptance of Important Condition       21  4.7 Technical Evaluation        22  4.8 Commercial Evaluation        23  4.9 Evaluations of Deviations:        23  a)Technical and Commercial Deviations       23  b) Time schedule (program of performance)      23  c) Functional Guarantees of the facilities      24  d) Work, services, facilities etc., to be provided by CESL     24  4.10 Illustrative Method of Evaluation       24  4.11 Contacting CESL         25  E  Award of Contract         25  5.1 Award criteria.         25  5.2 Quantity Variation/Option Clause & Repeat Order Clause    25  5.3  CESL’s  right  to  accept  any  bid  and  to  reject  any  or  all  bids   25  5.4 Letter of Intent / Letter of Award       26  

--- Page 9 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 09.01.2026  SECTION - 2 (ITB) Page 3 of 32  
5.5 Modifications         26  5.6 Performance security        26  5.7 Corrupt or Fraudulent practices:       27  5.8 Ineligibility for Future Tenders       27  6.0 Liquidated Damages         27  7.0 Governing Law         28  8.0 Inspections and Tests        28  9.0 Transportation, Demurrage Wharfage, Etc.      28  10.0 Warranty          29  11.0 Third-Party Consultancy Services       29  12.1 Scope of Services         29  12.2 Standard and Special Services       30   12.3 Due Diligence         30  12.4 Reporting          30  12.5 Staffing          30  12.6 Contact Person of the Consultant       31  12.7 Independence of the Consultant       31  12.8 Commencement and Completion       31  12.9 Force Majeure         30  12.10 Suspensions or Termination       30  12.11 Remuneration of the Consultant       31  12.12 Terms of Payment        31  12.13 Method of Payment        31  12.14 Insurance against Liability and Damages      31  LIST OF ACRONYMS         32   

--- Page 10 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 09.01.2026  SECTION - 2 (ITB) Page 4 of 32  
SECTION-2   INSTRUCTIONS TO THE BIDDER (ITB) / CONSORTIUM OF BIDDERS 
 
 Name of Work: : Selection of Bus Operator for Procurement, Supply, Operation & Maintenance and Development of Allied Electric & Civil Infrastructure on Gross Cost Contracting (GCC) for 2,900 Electric Buses under PM E-DRIVE Scheme Tender-II & 3,330 for Delhi totalling to 6,230 number of electric buses.  NIT/Bid Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 09.01.2026  
NOTE: 
THE TERMS & CONDITIONS STIPULATED IN SECTION-4 WILL SUPERSEDE ANY 
CONTRADICTORY/SIMILAR/OVERLAPPING TERMS & CONDITIONS IN ANY OTHER 
SECTION/PART OF THE TENDER 
   
A. THE BIDDING DOCUMENTS  
1.1 The bidding documents include the following  Section-1 Invitation for Bids (IFB)  Section-2 Instructions to Bidder / Consortium of Bidders (ITB) Section-3 General Conditions of Contract (GCC) Section-4 Special Conditions of Contract explaining in detail technical specifications, scope of work for supply/supply and installation & Commissioning/Consultancy, drawings, documents in support of bidder’s qualifications (Qualifying Requirement), and Online Price Bid format. (SCC) Section -5  Measurement and Verification Section-6 Forms and Procedure  The bidder is expected to examine all the instructions, forms, terms, specifications and other information in the bidding documents. Failure to furnish all information required by the bidding documents or submission of a bid not substantially responsive to the bidding documents in every respect will be at the bidder’s risk and may result in rejection of bid. Definitions In the “Bid / Tender / Contract Document” as herein defined where the context so admits, the following words and expression will have the following meaning:  1. “Affiliate” shall mean a company that either directly or indirectly i) controls or ii) is controlled by or iii) is under common control with a Bidding Company (in the case of a single company) and “control” means ownership by one company  2. "B.I.S" shall mean specifications of Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS); 3. “Bid / Tender” shall mean the Techno Commercial and the Price Bid submitted by the Bidder along with all documents/credentials/attachments, formats, etc., in response to this Bid Document, in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof. 4. “Bidder / Tenderer” shall mean Bidding Company submitting the Bid. Any reference to the Bidder includes Bidding Company including its successors, executors and permitted assigns jointly and severally, as the context may require”; 5. “Bid Security” shall mean the unconditional and irrevocable bank guarantee/ demand draft/Insurance Surety bond to be submitted along with the Bid by the Bidder; 6. “Bidding Company” shall refer to such single/consortium company that has submitted the Bid in accordance with the provisions of this Bid; 

--- Page 11 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 09.01.2026  SECTION - 2 (ITB) Page 5 of 32  
7. “Bid Deadline” shall mean the last date and time for submission of Bid in response to this Bid as specified in Bid Information Sheet and as specified in ITB Clause 3.2 of this Bid document including all amendments thereto; 8. “Bid Document” shall   mean   all   Definitions, Sections, Layouts, Drawings, Photographs, Formats   &   Annexures etc. as provided in this bid including all the terms and conditions hereof. 9. “Chartered Accountant” shall mean a person practicing in India or a firm whereof all the partners practicing in India as a Chartered Accountant(s) within the meaning of the Chartered Accountants Act, 1949; 10. “Competent Authority’’ shall mean CEO & Managing Director (MD) of himself and/or a person or group of persons nominated by MD for the mentioned purpose herein; 11. “Company” shall mean a body incorporated in India under the Companies Act,1956; 12. "Contract" means the agreement entered into between CESL and the   Contractor, as recorded in the Contract Form signed by the parties, including all the attachments and appendices thereto and all documents incorporated by   reference therein; 13. "Contract Price / Contract Value" shall mean the sum accepted or the sum   calculated in accordance with the prices accepted in Bid and/or the Contract   rates as payable to the Contractor for the entire execution and full completion of the Work (Price for Supply, Transportation (including loading, unloading and transfer to Site), Insurance including change order. 14. “Completion of Work” means that the Project/Works have been completed operationally and structurally and Commissioning has been attained as per Technical Specifications. 15. “Commissioning” means successful operation of the Project/Works by the Contractor, for the purpose of carrying out Guarantee Test(s). 16. “Contract Document" shall mean collectively the Bid Document, Design, Drawings, and Specifications, Annexures, agreed variations, if any, and such other documents consisting the bid and acceptance thereof; 17. “Contractor’s Equipment” means all plant, Works, equipment, machinery, tools, apparatus, appliances or things of every kind required in or for installation, completion and maintenance of Works that are to be provided by the Contractor, but does not include plant and equipment, or other things intended to form or forming part of the Works. 18. “Day” means calendar day; 19. “Defect Liability Period” means the period of validity of the warranties given by the Contractor (commencing at Completion of the Project/Works, during which the Contractor is responsible for defects with respect to the Project/Works. 20. “CESL” or “CESL” shall mean Convergence Energy Services Limited, New Delhi. 21. “Eligibility Criteria” shall mean the Eligibility Criteria as set forth in Section 3: Technical& Special Conditions of Contract of this BID; 22. “Engineer-in-Charge” shall mean the person designated from time to time by CESL and shall include those who are expressly authorized by him to act for and on his behalf for operation of this Contract; 23. “Effective Date” means the date from which the Time for Completion shall be determined; 24. “GCC” means the General Conditions of Contract contained in this section; 25. “GHI” shall mean Global Horizontal Irradiation. 26. "Goods" means permanent plant, equipment, machinery, apparatus, articles and things of all kinds to be provided and incorporated in the Works by the Contractor under the Contract but does not include Contractor’s Equipment; 27. “Guarantee Test(s)” means the test(s) specified in the Technical Specification to be carried out to ascertain whether the Project/Works is able to attain the functional requirements specified in the Technical Specifications. 28. “The Government” means the Government of India. 29. "IEC" shall mean specifications of International Electro-Technical Commission; 30. "CESL" shall mean Convergence Energy Services Limited; 31. “Mobilization" shall mean establishment of adequate infrastructure by the   Contractor at Site comprising of construction equipment’s, aids, tools tackles, offices with facilities such as power, water, communication etc.  including   manpower comprising of Engineers, supervising personnel and an adequate   strength   of   skilled, semi-skilled and un-skilled workers, who with the so established infrastructure shall be in a position to commence execution of Work at site(s), in accordance with the agreed Time Schedule of Completion of Work. 32. "O&M/ AMC" shall   mean   Operation   & Maintenance (O& M)/ Annual Maintenance Contract 

--- Page 12 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 09.01.2026  SECTION - 2 (ITB) Page 6 of 32  
(AMC) of the supplied equipment’s; 33. “Parent Company” shall mean a company that holds paid-up equity capital directly or indirectly in the Bidding Company, as the case may be; 34. “Price Bid” shall mean separate Envelope, containing the Bidder’s Quoted Price as per the format prescribed in Section-4 (Technical & Special Conditions of Contract) of this BID; 35. “Qualified Bidder” shall mean the Bidder(s) who, after evaluation of their Techno Commercial Bid as per Eligibility Criteria set forth in Section 3: Technical& Special Conditions of Contract of this BID stand qualified for opening and evaluation of their Price Bid; 36. “SNA” shall mean State Nodal Agency. 37. “SCC” means the Special Conditions of Contract. 38. “Statutory Auditor” shall mean the auditor of a Company appointed under the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956 or under the provisions of any other applicable governing law; 39. “Services” means all those services ancillary to the supply of the Works, to be provided by the Contractor under the Contract; e.g. transportation(including loading, unloading and transfer to Site) and provision of marine or other similar insurance, inspection, expediting, Site preparation works (including the provision and use of Contractor’s Equipment and the supply of all civil, structural and construction materials required),installation,/Pre-commissioning, commissioning,  carrying  out  guarantee  tests, operations,  maintenance,  the provision  of  operations  and  maintenance  manuals,  training  of  CESL’s personnel and one or two persons from the beneficiaries groups are imparted trainings etc. 40. “Successful Bidder(s) / Contractor(s)” shall mean the Bidder(s) selected by CESL pursuant to this Bid i.e. on whom award is made. They are also called as implementing partner which includes Consultants also. 41. “Site” means the Land and other places upon which the Works are to be installed, and such other land or places as may be specified in the Contract as forming part of the Site. The details of the Site are as contained in Section 3: Technical& Special Conditions of Contract of this BID. 42. “Sub-Contractor” means any person or firm or Company (other than the Contractor) to whom any part of the Work has been entrusted by the Contractor, with the written consent of the Engineer-in-Charge, and the legal representatives, successors and permitted assigns of such person, firm or company. 43. “Standards” shall mean the standards mentioned in the technical specification of the goods and equipment utilized for the Work or such other standard which ensure equal or higher quality and such standards shall be latest issued by the concerned institution like Bureau of Indian standards(BIS), MNRE, etc. 44. “Time for Completion” means the  time  within  which  Completion  of  the Project/Works is to be attained in accordance with the stipulations in the SCC and the relevant provisions of the Contract; 45. “Work” means the “Goods” to be supplied and installed, as well as all the “Services” to be carried out by the Contractor under the Contract; 46. “Wp” shall mean Watt Peak. 47. Third Parties means to which CESL has awarded some work and consultant may be required to co-ordinate with third parties as per scope of work. 48. Agreed Remuneration means the fee to which consultant is entitled as per their quoted and agreed price according to the contract. 49. Consultant: The consultant shall be the professional undertaking or the professional individual named in the contract who is appointed by CESL to perform the services.  Interpretations 1. Words comprising the singular shall include the plural & vice versa 2. An applicable law shall be construed as reference to such applicable law including its amendments or re-enactments from time to time. 3. A time of day shall save as otherwise provided in any agreement or document be construed as a reference to Indian Standard Time. 4. Different parts of this contract are to be taken as mutually explanatory and supplementary to each other and if there is any differentiation between or among the parts of this contract, they shall be interpreted in a harmonious manner so as to give effect to each part. 5. The table of contents and any headings or sub headings in the contract has been inserted for case of reference only & shall not affect the interpretation of this agreement.  1.2  Clarification on Bidding Documents    

--- Page 13 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 09.01.2026  SECTION - 2 (ITB) Page 7 of 32  
A prospective Bidder requiring any clarification to the bidding documents may notify CESL in writing or email or by post or by telex or telefax at CESL’s mailing address indicated below. CESL will respond in writing to any request for clarification or modification of the bidding documents that it receives no later than the date specified for pre-bid queries in the RfP. The response to the queries will be posted on the e-tender portal.  The address of CESL, for communication:  CGM(Contracts), Convergence Energy Efficiency Limited, 9th Floor, Jeevan Prakash Building,  25,  KG Marg, Connaught Place, New Delhi – 110001  The Bidder is advised to visit and examine the site where   the facilities  are  to be  installed and  its surroundings  and  obtain  for  itself  on  its  own  responsibility all  information  that  may  be  necessary  for  preparing  the  bid  and  entering  into  a contract  for supply and  installation  of  the  facilities. The costs of visiting the site shall be borne by the bidder fully.  CESL will also facilitate the bidder and any of its personnel or agents for getting  permission from the authorities, where actual work is to be executed,  to enter upon its premises and lands for the purpose of such inspection, but only upon the express condition that the Bidder, its personnel and agents will release and indemnify CESL and also the authorities , where work is to be executed, and its personnel and  agents  from  and  against  all  liability  in  respect  thereof  and  will  be  responsible for  death  or  personal  injury,  loss  of  or  damage  to  property  and  any  other  loss, damage,  costs  and  expenses  incurred  as  a  result  of  the  inspection.  Whenever the bidder is silent about the acceptance of RfP/IFB conditions such as bank guarantee, warranty period, liquidated damages, certification of relation clause no.2.13 [Conflict of Interest] etc. it shall be presumed that the bidder has accepted and certified RfP/IFB conditions and no further correspondence seeking specific confirmation about acceptance of these conditions shall be made.  The Bidder shall be deemed to have examined the Bid document, to have obtained his own information in all matters whatsoever that might affect carrying out the Works in line with the Technical specifications and Scope of Work specified in the document at the offered rates and to have satisfied himself to the sufficiency of his Bid. The bidder shall be deemed to know the scope, nature and magnitude of the work and requirement of materials, equipment, tools and labour involved, local and national wage structures and as to what all works he has to complete in accordance with the Bid documents irrespective of any defects, omissions or errors that may be found in the Bid documents.  1.3 Amendment to bidding documents  At any time prior to the deadline for submission of bids, CESL may, for any reason, whether at its own initiative, or in response to a clarification requested by a prospective Bidder, amend the bidding documents. The amendment/clarification to the RfP will be notified in writing on its e-tendering portal.  In order to afford prospective Bidders reasonable time in which to take the amendment into account in preparing their bid, CESL may, at its discretion, extend the deadline for the submission of bids. 1.4 Tender Fee   Interested bidder/consortium of bidders may download the RfP/ Tender documents from the website/e-portal (http://convergence.co.in  or https://cesl.eproc.in)   While submitting the bid, bidder shall submit Tender Fee as mentioned in Section-1 in the form of DD/Pay Order/Banker’s Cheque/NEFT/RTGS in favour of “Convergence Energy Services Limited” payable at New Delhi along with the bid.   Exemption from submitting Tender Fee is allowed to MSEs (Micro & Small Enterprises) registered under Udyam Registration.  In case, exemption is sought by the bidder, valid document/certificate in support of exemption from payment of Bid Document Cost to be submitted by the bidder.  

--- Page 14 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 09.01.2026  SECTION - 2 (ITB) Page 8 of 32  
Note: Medium enterprises are not eligible for exemption.  B. PREPARATION OF BIDS  2.1 Procedure for Submission of Bid/RfP.  Single Stage Single Envelope Bidding Process:   The Bidder or Consortium of bidders should submit hard copy of the offer, i.e. Techno Commercial and Price Bid together in a single sealed envelope superscripted with Bid/RfP number and date, content of envelope, name of work and Bid opening date. Bid-Form, Power of Attorney, Certificate regarding acceptance of important terms and conditions, Deviations Statement, Form of acceptance of Fraud Prevention Policy, etc. as per format defined in Section-6 (Forms & Procedures) shall also be submitted in the same envelope.  Single Stage Two Envelope Bidding Process:  The Bidder shall submit thier bid in Two Envelopes,  it contain the details of the offer as follows:  Envelope-I should contain the documents mentioned under heading Envelope-I of Section-4 of tender document   (This envelope appears ONLINE in dynamic form in case of E-tenders).  Physical copy of Tender Fee, Bid Security/EMD to be submitted to CESL office on or before the deadline for submission of the bid. Envelope contening these document should be super-scribed with Bid/RfP number and date, name of work and Bid opening date, content of envelope i.e. bid security/price bid etc. Scanned copy also to be uploaded on the E-Procurement portal/website, and details to be entered therein, during bid submission.  Envelope-II should contain Price Bid in the format prescribed in the tender document. (In case of E-tender Price bid is to be submitted ONLINE).  Single Stage Three Envelope Bidding Process:  The Bidder shall submit thier bid in three Envelopes, it contain the details of the offer as follows:  Envelope-I should contain the documents mentioned under heading Envelope-I of Section-4 of tender document (This envelope appear ONLINE in dynamic form in case of E-tenders).  Physical copy of Tender Fee, Bid Security/EMD to be submitted to CESL office on or before the deadline for submission of the bid. Envelope contening these document should be super-scribed with Bid/RfP number and date, name of work and Bid opening date, content of envelope i.e. bid security/price bid etc. Scanned copy also to be uploaded on the E-Procurement portal/website, and details to be entered therein, during bid submission.  Envelope-II should contain Techno commercial Proposal of the bid. It should  contains documents mentioned under heading Envelope-II of Section-4 of tender document. This envelope appear ONLINE in dynamic form in case of E-tenders.  Envelope-III should contain Price Bid in the format prescribed in the tender document. (In case of E-tender Price bid is to be submitted ONLINE).  In case of manual tender, copy of Bid/RfP should be a complete document and should be bound as a volume separately.  The document should be page numbered and appropriately flagged and contain the list of contents with page numbers. The deficiency in documentation may result in the rejection of the Bid. All pages of the bid are to be signed by the authorized signatory (authorized through power of attorney) and must be having official seal of the bidder. 

--- Page 15 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 09.01.2026  SECTION - 2 (ITB) Page 9 of 32  
Bids not accompanied by Tender Fee/ Bid Security Fees or EMD, or valid document in support of exemption, etc. shall be out-rightly rejected and treated as non-responsive. Further, their price-bid will not be opened.  In case of manual tender, for tenders received in unsealed/unstapled/open condition or without any superscription, resulting in opening of tender before due date, the risk and responsibility of losing confidentiality shall rest with the tenderer.   2.2 Cost of Bid/ RfP (To be submitted before bid submission time)  The Bidder or Consortium of bidders shall bear all costs associated with the preparation and submission of its Bid/RfP, including cost of presentation for the purposes of clarification of the bid, if so desired by CESL. CESL will in no case be responsible or liable for those costs, regardless of the conduct or outcome of the tendering process.  2.3 Language of Bids  The proposal prepared by the bidder/consortium of bidders and all correspondence and documents relating to the Bid/RfP exchanged by the bidder/consortium of bidders and CESL, shall be written in English language, provided that any printed literature furnished by the bidder/consortium of bidders may be written in another language so long the same is accompanied by an English translation in which case, for purposes of interpretation of the bid, the English translation shall govern.  2.4 Bid Security/Earnest Money Deposit (EMD) (To be submitted before bid submission time)  Amount of Bid Security: Bid Security/Earnest Money Deposit as mentioned in Section-I of tender document is to be submitted.   The bidder shall furnish, as part of its bid, a bid security in a separate envelope (ITB Clause 2.1). The bid security shall, at the bidder’s option, be in the form of a Banker’s cheque/Demand Draft in favor of “Convergence Energy Services Limited” or a bank guarantee as per format in Section-6. Bid security/EMD shall remain valid for a period of 45 days beyond the original bid validity period. If there is any extension in bid validity period, then CESL may ask the bidder to extend the validity of bid security.  Any bid not accompanied by an acceptable bid security, shall be rejected by CESL as being non-responsive and returned to the bidder without being opened. The bid security of a consortium must be in the name of all the partners in the consortium submitting the bid. If lead partner is mentioned in case of consortium, then bid security can be in the name of lead partner.  The bid securities of the bidders will be returned as per the provisions mentioned in Section-4.  The bid security may be forfeited if: a. If the bidder withdraws its bid during the period of bid validity as specified in the bid / RFP document.  b. If the bidder fails within the specified time limit:   • To sign the LOA acceptance and contract agreement within 10 days & 28 days respectively from placement of LoI/Award letter.  • To furnish the required performance security, in accordance with the tender document.  Please note that:  1. Following benefits will be given to Start ups and MSEs in this tender: -  All MSEs notified as per GFR 2017 clause no. 1.10.4 and as notified below shall be exempted from payment of Tender Document Fee and Bid Security/ Earnest Money Deposit. For claiming this exemption, MSE must, along with their offer, provide proof of their being registered as MSE (indicating 

--- Page 16 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 09.01.2026  SECTION - 2 (ITB) Page 10 of 32  
the terminal validity date of their registration) for the item tendered, with any agency mentioned in the notification of Ministry of MSME, indicated below: - (a) District Industries Centers; (b) Khadi and Village Industries Commission; (c) Khadi and Village Industries Board; (d) Coir Board; (e) National Small Industries Corporation; (f) Directorate of Handicraft and Handloom; (g) Udyog Aadhar Memorandum issued by Ministry of MSE; or (h) Any other body specified by the Ministry of MSME.  1. For claiming the above exemption for Start-ups, a valid certificate of Start-up recognized by ‘Department of Industrial Policy & Promotion (DIPP)’ along with Business eligibility certificate or any other document issued by Govt/Recognized institute is required in support of product/ service item being tendered.  2. Purchase Preference to MSEs: Subject to meeting terms and conditions stated in the tender document including but not limiting to prequalification criteria, 25% of the total quantity of the tender is earmarked for MSEs registered with above mentioned agencies/bodies for the tendered item. Out of the 25% target of annual procurement from micro and small enterprises 4% & 3% shall be earmarked for procurement from micro and small enterprises owned by Scheduled Caste (SC) & Scheduled Tribe (ST) entrepreneurs & Women entrepreneurs respectively. In the event of failure of such MSEs to participate in the tender process or meet the tender requirements and L1 price 4% & 3% sub targets so earmarked shall be met from other MSEs.  Type of tender Price quoted by MSE How the tender shall be finalized  Can be split L1 Maximum quantity as per the split criteria on MSE subject to tender evaluation condition. Can be split Not L1 but within L1+15% 25% order on MSE subject to matching L1 price Cannot be split 
L1 Full Order on MSE Cannot be split 
Not L1 but within L1+15% Full Order on MSE subject to matching L1 price  2.1 Where the tendered quantity can be split: In a bid, if prices quoted by participating Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) fall within the price band of L1+15%, such MSE shall also be allowed to supply 25% of the total tendered quantity by bringing down their prices to L1 prices. In case of more than one such MSE (L1+15%) the supply shall be shared proportionately (to tendered quantity), subject to the condition that such MSEs match the L1 price. Further, 4% out of above 25% shall be from MSEs owned by SC/ST entrepreneurs & 3% out of above shall be from MSEs owned by women entrepreneurs. This quota is to be transferred to the general category MSEs in case of NON-availability of MSEs owned by SC/ ST entrepreneurs & Women entrepreneurs respectively.   2.2 Where the tendered quantity cannot be split/divide: In case of tender item is non-split able or non-dividable, etc.: MSE quoting price within price band L1+15% may be awarded for full/complete supply of total tendered value to MSE, considering spirit of Public Procurement Policy, 2012 for enhancing the Govt. Procurement from MSE.  2.3 MSE owned by SC/ST is defined as: a. In case of proprietary MSE, proprietor(s) shall be SC /ST b. In case of partnership MSE, The SC/ST partners shall be holding at least 51% shares in the enterprise. c. In case of Private Limited Companies, at least 51% share shall be held by SC/ST promoters.  2.4 MSE owned by Women is defined as: a. In case of proprietary MSE, proprietor(s) shall be Women 

--- Page 17 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 09.01.2026  SECTION - 2 (ITB) Page 11 of 32  
b. In case of partnership MSE, The Women partners shall be holding at least 51% shares in the enterprise. c. In case of Private Limited Companies, at least 51% share shall be held by Women promoters.  If bidder does not provide appropriate document or any evidence to substantiate the above, then it will be presumed that he does not qualify for any preference admissible under the Public Procurement Policy, 2012.  3. For relaxing the PQ/QR conditions regarding prior turnover and prior experience for MSEs and start-ups, the prior turnover and prior experience will be as under subject to their meeting of quality and technical specifications: -        Category of tender Past experience Average Turn Over Award Philosophy Can be split as per tender conditions 25% of total experience as required for general bidders 25% of total ATO as required for general bidders (a) If MSE is L1, order will be given as per split criteria in order of ranking as defined in the tender document which could be greater than 25%. The treatment for award will be same for MSE as general bidder.  (b) If MSE is other than L1 bidder, then the split criteria as per tender condition will be followed subject to price matching with L1 bidder in order of ranking treating the MSE bidder(s) at par with the general bidder. In such event also, order(s) going to MSE bidder(s) could be greater than 25%. If order(s) going to MSE bidder(s) is/are less than 25% after the matching of rates with L1 bidder by adopting the tender split criteria, then the clause of purchase preference for award to MSE bidder(s) up to 25% of the tendered quantity subject to matching L1 rates will be followed to make the total quantity going to MSE bidder(s) @ 25%; provided the rates are within L1+15% range. In such cases, remaining quantity after award of 25% to MSE bidder(s) shall be distributed amongst other eligible bidders in the pre-declared split ratio. If order(s) going to MSE bidder(s) is less than 25% and also MSE bidder(s) not meeting the condition of purchase preference clause i.e. quoted rates not within L1+15% range, then the order(s) quantity going to 

--- Page 18 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 09.01.2026  SECTION - 2 (ITB) Page 12 of 32  
MSE bidder(s) in such cases shall be less than 25% which will be in line with the tender conditions.  (c) If MSE is in the range of L1+15% and not getting the order after splitting and award is going to all non MSE bidder(s), then in such event 25% will be awarded to MSE bidder(s) who fall in the range of L1+15% subject to price matching and remaining 75% will be awarded as per the tender conditions to general bidders subject to matching L1 rates.  (d) If after splitting MSE bidder(s) are getting order for more than or equal to 25%, then other MSE bidder(s) will not be awarded any work under purchase preference clause even if they fall in the range of L1+15%. However, they will be considered for award of work as any other general bidder as per tender conditions subject to matching of rates in order of ranking.  (e) If MSE bidder is a single resultant vendor, then the quantity that would be considered for award to such bidder will be as defined in the pre-declared split ratio to L-1 bidder in the tender condition; provided the quoted rates of the bidder are found reasonable by CESL. However, CESL reserves the right to award 100% quantity to such MSE bidder provided the MSE bidder has got ATO which is corresponding to the cumulative applicability for 100% order value. In case, where ATO of the MSE bidder is less than what is required for 100% cumulative order value, then work may be awarded to such MSE bidder in proportion to the ATO. For exp: If ATO of MSE bidder is 

--- Page 19 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 09.01.2026  SECTION - 2 (ITB) Page 13 of 32  
 4. Start-ups are also covered under 25% purchase preference from procurement basket of MSEs as defined in point (3) above, provided that participating Start-ups submit all the relevant documents pertaining to MSEs as defined in point (1) above and documents for start-ups as defined in point (2) above.   # whereas, startup means an entity, incorporated or registered in India:  i Not prior to ten years.  ii With annual turnover not exceeding INR 100 crore in any preceding financial year, and  iii Working towards innovation, development or improvement of products or processes or services, or if it is a scalable business model with a high potential of employment generation or wealth creation  iv Provided that such entity is not formed by splitting up, or reconstruction, of a business already in existence. Provided also that an entity shall cease to be a Startup if its turnover for the any previous financial years has exceeded INR 100 crore or it has completed 10 years from the date of incorporation/ registration.  Note: For Start-up firms, Gazette Notifications dated: 19-Feb-2019, G.S.R. 127 (E), and subsequently issued notifications will be considered.   NOTES: - a) In case where tender quantity can be split and MSE bidder is already getting order more than 25% of the tender value, no additional purchase preference is required to be given in that tender. b) In case MSE bidder is already getting   for less than 25% of the tender quantity, purchase preference to this and other MSE vendor (together) shall be given only up to the differential quantity to make total as 25% to MSE vendor subject to L1+15% and price matching. c) Public Procurement policy is meant for procurement of goods produced and services rendered by Micro and Small Enterprises. The preference to MSEs is not applicable for works contracts where supply of goods not produced by MSEs is also involved. d) The eligibility of MSE bidders for any other benefits/relaxations for MSE bidders indicated in Tender documents shall be as indicated in the above “Tender conditions for 
56% of the cumulative ATO requirement of 100% order value, then maximum 56% work may be awarded to the MSE bidder. However, in such case CESL reserves the right to award appropriate quantity based on the existing requirement and such decision will be taken by CESL which will be binding on the bidder. CESL may take consent from the bidder for award of such quantity (which is over and above the quantity to be allotted to L-1 bidder as per pre-declared split ratio) before award. Cannot be split as per tender conditions 25% of total experience as required for general bidders 85% of total ATO as required for general bidders (a) If MSE is L1, 100% order will be given to MSE. (b) If MSE is within the range of L1 + 15%, 100% order will be given to MSE subject to price matching with L1 bidder. (c) If MSE is not L1 and not in range of L1 + 15%, no work will be given to MSE. 

--- Page 20 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 09.01.2026  SECTION - 2 (ITB) Page 14 of 32  
Benefits/Preference for Micro & Small Enterprises (MSEs).” e) If bidder submits EMD/bid security fees and also MSE certificate along with the offer, then the bidder will be treated as general bidder and no relaxation will be given to such bidders pertaining to MSE’s. f) The registration certificate must be valid as on bid closing date of the tender. Bidder shall ensure validity of certificate in case bid closing date is extended. The MSEs who have applied for registration or renewal of registration with any of the above agencies/bodies, but have not obtained the valid certificate till the end date of bid submission, are not eligible for any exemption/preference and will not be considered. Such offers will be treated as offers received without EMD and out rightly rejected. g) Traders, resellers, distributors and agents will not be considered for availing benefits under PP Policy 2012 for MSEs.  2.5 Power of Attorney   Power of Attorney as Attachment 3 in first envelope: A power of attorney duly authorized by a notary public, indicating that the person(s) signing the bid has/have the authority to sign the bid and thus the bid is binding upon the bidder during the full period of its validity in accordance with ITB clause 2.10.   2.6 Certificate Regarding Acceptance of Important Conditions   Certificate Regarding Acceptance of Important Conditions as Attachment 4 is to be submitted in first envelope.  2.7 Deviations  No deviation, other than mentioned in Deviation statement, is permitted by CESL, to the provisions of the bidding documents listed in ITB sub-clause 4.6.  The Bidders are advised that while making their bid proposals and quoting prices, these conditions may appropriately be taken into consideration. Bidders are required to furnish a certificate indicating their compliance to the provisions relating to the clauses listed in ITB sub-clause 4.6 in Attachment 4. Attachment 4 for acceptance of important conditions duly signed and stamped by the bidder is to be furnished in a separate sealed first envelope/Online.  Deviations, if any, from the terms and conditions of bidding documents or technical specifications shall be listed only in Attachment 5 to the bid. The Bidder shall also provide the additional price, if any, for withdrawal of the deviations. However, the attention of the bidders is drawn to the provisions of ITB sub-clause 4.6 regarding the rejection of bids that are not substantially responsive to the requirements of the bidding documents.   Bidders may further note that except for the deviations listed in Attachment 5, the bid shall be deemed to comply with all the requirement in the bidding documents and the bidders shall be required to comply with all such requirements of bidding documents and technical specifications without any extra cost to CESL irrespective of any mention to the contrary, anywhere else in the bid, failing which the bid security of the bidder may be forfeited.  At the time of award of contract, if so desired by CESL, the bidder shall withdraw these deviations listed in Attachment-5 at the cost of withdrawal stated by him in his bid. In case the bidder does not withdraw the deviations proposed by him, if any, at the cost of withdrawal stated in the bid, his bid will be rejected and bid security forfeited.  2.8 Bid prices  Unless otherwise specified in the technical specifications, bidders shall quote for the entire facilities on a “single responsibility” basis such that the total bid price covers all the contractor’s obligations mentioned in or to be reasonably inferred from the bidding documents in respect of the design, manufacture, including procurement and subcontracting (if any), delivery, construction, installation, 

--- Page 21 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 09.01.2026  SECTION - 2 (ITB) Page 15 of 32  
survey cost,  monitoring and verification cost and completion of the facilities including supply of mandatory spares or spares to be supplied during warranty (if any). This includes all requirements under the contractor’s responsibilities for testing, pre -commissioning and commissioning of the facilities and, where so required by the bidding documents, the acquisition of all permits, approvals and licenses, etc.; the operation, maintenance and training services and such other items and services as may be specified in the bidding documents, all in accordance with the requirements of the General Conditions of Contract and Technical Specification.  Bidders are required to quote the price for the commercial, contractual and technical obligations outlined in the bidding documents. If a Bidder wishes to make a deviation to the provisions of the bidding documents, such deviations shall be listed in Attachment 5 of its bid. The bidder shall also provide the additional price, if any, for withdrawal of the deviations, pursuant to ITB sub-clause 2.7.  Bidders shall give a breakdown of the prices in the manner and detail called for in the price schedules.   2.9 Price Basis   Price basis of the price quoted shall be on F.O.R (Free on Road) destination basis for site. Price mentioned in the quotation must be firm. Hence prices in Letter of Award shall be firm and not subject to escalation till the execution of the complete order and its subsequent amendments accepted by the bidder even though the completion / execution of the order may take longer time than the delivery period specified and accepted in the Letter of Award.  Statutory variation in applicable taxes & duties (other than excise duty) shall only be on account of CESL in case bidder has shown the rates of present taxes in their bid and other prices quoted by the Bidder shall be fixed during the Bidder’s performance of the Contract and not subject to variation on any account. Even in case prices asked in Bid price Schedule are quoted as inclusive of taxes, tax rates shall be shown separately. Bidders shall quote all prices in Indian Rupees only.  2.10 Period of Validity of Bid  Bid shall normally remain valid for a period of 75 days for Open Tender and 90 days for Global Tender. However, a higher validity period shall be admissible depending upon the size and complexity of the tender nd the same shall be specified in section-1 of the RfP. A bid valid for a shorter period may be rejected by CESL as being non responsive.  In exceptional circumstances, CESL may solicit the bidder’s consent to an extension of the bid validity period before the expiry of the bid validity. The request and response thereto shall be made in writing through letters/ e-mails. If the bidder accepts to prolong the period of validity, the bid security/EMD shall also be suitably extended. A bidder may refuse the request for Bid Validity Extension without forfeiting its bid security. A bidder granting the request will not be required nor permitted to modify its bid.   2.11 Format and Signing of Bid  The original copy of the bid, consisting of the documents listed in ITB sub-clause 1.1 shall be typed or written in indelible ink and shall be signed by the bidder or a person or persons duly authorized to bind the bidder to the contract. The authorization shall be indicated by written power of attorney accompanying the bid and submitted as Attachment 3 to the bid under ITB sub-clause 2.5. All pages of the bid, except for un-amended printed literature, shall  be initialed by the person or persons signing the bid.    Any interlineations, erasures or overwriting shall only be valid if they are initialed by the signatory to the bid.  The above is not applicable for online bidding process.  2.12 Contents of the RfP/Bid   The Bidder or consortium of bidders is expected to examine all instructions, forms, terms & conditions and scope of work in the RfP/bid documents.  Failure to furnish all information required or submission 

--- Page 22 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 09.01.2026  SECTION - 2 (ITB) Page 16 of 32  
of an RfP/bid document not substantially responsive to the RfP/bid document in every respect will be at the bidder’s risk and may result in the rejection of the RfP/bid.   2.13 Conflict of Interest  CESL’s policy requires that a bidder participating in a procurement/contract process under CESL financed projects shall not have a conflict of interest. All bidders found to have a conflict of interest shall be ineligible for award of contract. A. Bidder may be considered to have a conflict of interest in a bidding process if: a) it, or any of its affiliates, has been engaged by CESL to provide consulting services for the preparation or implementation of a project, and participates in a bidding to provide goods, works, or non-consulting services resulting from or directly related to such consulting services. Or b) it submits more than one bid in a bidding process, either individually or as a partner in a joint venture, except for permitted alternative bids. This will result in the disqualification of all bids in which the bidder is involved. However, this does not limit the inclusion of a firm as a subcontractor in more than one bid and the participation of a bidder as a subcontractor in another bid in certain types of procurement/contract, if permitted by CESL’s bidding documents; or c) it (including its personnel or sub-contractors) has a business or family relationship with a member of a CESL’s staff (or of the project implementing staff, or of a recipient of a part of the loan) who: are directly or indirectly involved in the preparation of the bidding documents or specifications of the contract, and/or the bid evaluation process of such contract; or would be involved in the implementation or supervision of such contract unless the authority inviting tenders shall be informed of the fact/ such relationship at the time of submission of the tender and the conflict stemming from such relationship has been resolved in a manner acceptable to CESL throughout the procurement process and execution of the contract. CESL may in its discretion reject the tender or rescind the contract.; or d) In addition to above the following provisions of Manual for Procurement of Goods (June, 2022) shall also apply: 
A bidder may be considered to have a conflict of interest with one or more parties in this bidding 
process, if: 
i) they have controlling partner (s) in common; or 
ii) they receive or have received any direct or indirect subsidy/ financial stake from any of 
them; or 
iii) they have the same legal representative/agent for purposes of this bid; or 
iv) they have relationship with each other, directly or through common third parties, that puts 
them in a position to have access to information about or influence on the bid of another 
Bidder; or 
v) Bidder participates in more than one bid in this bidding process. Participation by a Bidder in 
more than one Bid will result in the disqualification of all bids in which the parties are 
involved. However, this does not limit the inclusion of the components/ sub-assembly/ 
Assemblies from one bidding manufacturer in more than one bid. 
vi) In cases of agents quoting in offshore procurements, on behalf of their principal 
manufacturers, one agent cannot represent two manufacturers or quote on their behalf in a 
particular tender enquiry. One manufacturer can also authorise only one agent/dealer. There 
can be only one bid from the following: 
 1. The principal manufacturer directly or through one Indian agent on his behalf; and 
 2. Indian/foreign agent on behalf of only one principal. 
vii) In case of a holding company having more than one independently manufacturing units, or 
more than one unit having common business ownership/management, only one unit should 
quote. Similar restrictions would apply to closely related sister companies. Bidders must 
proactively declare such sister/ common business/ management units in same/ similar line 
of business. 
 2.14 Disclaimer  CESL and/or its officers, employees disclaim all liability from any loss or damage, whether foreseeable or not, suffered by any person acting on or refraining from acting because of any information including statements, information, forecasts, estimates or projections contained in this document or conduct 

--- Page 23 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 09.01.2026  SECTION - 2 (ITB) Page 17 of 32  
ancillary to it whether or not the loss or damage arises in connection with any omission, negligence, default, lack of care or misrepresentation on the part of CESL and/or any of its officers, employees.  2.15 Authorized Signatory (Bidder or Consortium of bidders)  The bidder or consortium of bidders as used in the RfP/ bid document shall mean the one who has signed the bid/RfP document forms. The bidder or consortium of bidders should be the duly authorized representative of the bidder/consortium of bidders, for which a certificate of authority/power of attorney will be submitted along with the offer. This should clearly define the authority provided to the authorized representative.  Complete offer, all certificates and documents (including reply to any clarifications sought and any subsequent correspondences) shall be furnished and signed on all pages by the authorized representative. The power of attorney or authorization, or any other document consisting of adequate proof of the ability of the signatory to bind the bidder or consortium of bidders shall be annexed to the bid as attachment 3 in envelope 1. CESL may reject outright any proposal not supported by adequate proof of the signatory’s authority.  2.16 Consortium related conditions  The bidder shall have the option to submit the proposal either alone or along with other partner companies. Prerequisites for bidder have been specified in qualifying requirement and other parts of the tender document. The lead partner shall be the sole point of contact for all purposes of the Contract. The lead partner will have the prime and sole responsibility for the execution of the scope of work. Any information/clarification submitted to the lead partner by CESL will mean that the same has been conveyed to all partners. However, the partner companies should not be involved in any major litigation that may have an impact of affecting or compromising the delivery of services as required under this contract. The bidder or any of the partner companies should not have been black-listed by any Central / State Government or Public Sector Undertakings. If at any stage of tendering process or during the currency of the contract, any suppression / falsification of such information is brought to the knowledge, CESL shall have the right to reject the proposal or terminate the contract, as the case may be, without any compensation to the tenderer & forfeiture of bid security/EMD/CPG.  2.17 Contact details of the Bidder or Consortium of bidders  Bidder or Consortium of bidders who wants to receive CESL's response to queries should give their contact details to CESL. The Bidder or Consortium of bidders should send their contact details in writing at CESL's contact address.     2.18 Inspection / Checking / Testing  All materials / Equipment manufactured by the bidder/consortium of bidders against the Letter of Award shall be subject to inspection, check and/or test by CESL or his authorized representative at all stages and place, before, during and after the manufacture. All these tests shall be carried out in the as per technical specifications and bidder shall submit the relevant test reports. If upon delivery the material / equipment  does not meet the specification, the materials / equipment shall be rejected and returned to the bidder for repairs / modification etc. or for replacement. In such cases all expenses including the to-and-fro freight, repacking charges, any other costs etc. shall be to the account of the bidder.  2.18.1 Inspections and Tests  i. Inspection of Goods: CESL or its representative shall have the right to inspect and/or to test the Goods to confirm their conformity to the Contract specifications at no extra cost to CESL. (SCC and the Technical Specifications shall specify what inspections   and  tests  the  CESL  requires  and  where  they  are  to  be conducted). CESL shall notify the Contractor in writing in a timely manner of the identity of any representatives retained for these purposes. ii. The inspections and tests may be conducted on the premises of the Contractor or  its  subcontractor(s),  at  point  of  delivery  and/or  at  the  Goods  final destination.   If   conducted on the premises   of   the   Contractor   or   its subcontractor(s), all reasonable Works and 

--- Page 24 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 09.01.2026  SECTION - 2 (ITB) Page 18 of 32  
assistance, including access to drawings and production data shall be furnished to the inspectors at no cost to CESL. iii. Should any inspected or tested Goods fail to conform to the specifications, CESL may reject and the Contractor shall either replace the rejected Goods or make alterations necessary to meet specification requirements free of cost to CESL. iv. CESL's right to inspect, test and, where necessary, reject the Goods after the  arrival at Site shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the Goods having previously been inspected, tested and passed by CESL or its Representative prior to the Goods shipment. v. Nothing in GCC Clause 6 shall in any way release the Contractor from any warranty or other obligations under this Contract.  2.19  Removal of Rejected Goods and Replacement   If upon delivery, whether inspected and approved earlier or otherwise, the material/equipment is not in conformity with the specification, the same shall be rejected by CESL or duly authorized representative and notification to this effect will be issued to the bidder normally within 7 days from the date of receipt of the material at the work/site/office.  The bidder shall arrange removal of the rejected items within 15 days from the date of notification. In the event, the bidder fails to lift the materials within the said 15 days, CESL shall be at liberty to dispose off such rejected items in any manner as it may deemed fit. All expenses incurred on storage, disposal etc. shall be recoverable from the bidder.  2.20 Access to Bidders Premises   CESL and/or its authorized representative shall be provided access to bidder and/or his sub- bidder's premises, at any time during the pendency of the Order, for expediting, inspection, checking, etc. of work, if it is felt by CESL.   2.21  Taxes, Levies and Duties   Prices of items shall be quoted as per instruction contained in SCC. However, Bidders are required to quote their prices inclusive of all taxes and duties except applicable GST. The Input Tax Credit (ITC) available, if any, under the GST Law as per the relevant Government policies wherever applicable shall be taken into account by the Bidder while quoting bid price. CESL’s liability shall be only for applicable GST. Bidder is to arrange on its own to deliver the material at site. No road permit shall be provided by CESL. Bidders are also requested to refer Clause no. 14 of Section-3 (GCC). 
 2.22  Terms of Payment  The payment will be made by CESL to the bidder in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in section 4 of special conditions of contract of tender document/agreed upon during negotiation and reproduced in Letter of Award.   2.23 Delivery Schedule  Time will be the essence of order and no variation shall be permitted in the delivery time/delivery schedule mentioned in the order unless agreed by CESL without levy of LD. Tentative time schedule is enclosed in the RfP/ bid document. Refer Section-4 (SCC) of tender document for delivery schdule. Delivery of the equipment/material described shall be deemed to constitute acceptance of this order and terms and conditions by the bidder at the price specified.   2.24 Source of Supply The bidder shall ensure that the indigenous capacity is utilized to the fullest extent possible in execution of this order. Where the imports are unavoidable, all such items shall be imported by the bidder in time against his own import license without affecting the contractual delivery schedule.   

--- Page 25 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 09.01.2026  SECTION - 2 (ITB) Page 19 of 32  
2.25 Statutory Compliance/ Certification regarding Cyber Security Products  A certificate (as per the format present in Section-6) is to be submitted by the bidders that the items offered meet the definition of domestically manufactured/produced Cyber Security Products as per MeitY notification vide File no. l(10)/2017-CLES dt. 06.12.19 or subsequent notification. The above certificate shall be on Company’s letterhead and signed by Statutory Auditor or Cost Auditor of the Company.  Apart from the above, bidders are also requested to submit thier bids as per the requirement of the following circulars.  i) Order No. F.7/10/2021-PPD (1) Dated 23.02.2023 of DoE (MoF) or latest ii) Order No: P-45021/2/2017-PP (BE-II) dated: 16-Sept-2020 of DPIIT or latest  C. SUBMISSION OF BIDS   3.1  Sealing and Marking of Bids  The Bidder shall seal the original copy of the bid in envelope duly marking the envelopes as "ORIGINAL BID". All envelopes must be super-scribed with name of work, RfP No., envelope no., content of envelope and date and bid opening date. The envelopes shall then the sealed in an outer envelope which should also be super scribed with name of work, RfP/ bid document no./package no. and date and bid opening date.  3.2  Deadline for submission of bids  The Bidders are advised to submit their bids well on time preferably one hour prior to bid closing time to cater to possible system slow down/requirement of assistance by bidders etc.. CESL shall not be responsible for late/non-submission of bids due to above scenario which are beyond CESL control during the closing minutes of the tender, though every effort will be made to keep the portal fully functional at all times during the bidding process.  Bids must be received by CESL at the address specified as under and the bids will be opened at the same address as per timings stated in IFB and as repeated below.  CGM (Contracts), Convergence Energy Efficiency Limited, 9th Floor, Jeevan Prakash Building,  25,  KG Marg, Connaught Place, New Delhi – 110001  Date of submission of bids : As mentioned in Section-I Date of bid opening  : As mentioned in Section-I   Bids must be received at the address specified above but no later than the time and date stated as above. In the event of the specified date for submission of bids being declared a holiday for CESL, the bids will be received up to the appointed time on the next working day.  CESL may, at its discretion, extend this deadline for submission of bids by amending the bidding documents in accordance with ITB Sub-Clause 1.3, in which case all rights and obligations of CESL and bidders will thereafter be subject to the deadline as extended.   3.3  Late Bids:  Any bid received by CESL after the bid submission deadline prescribed by CESL, pursuant to ITB Clause 3.1& 3.2, will be rejected and returned in unopened condition.  In case of an online tender, if the hard copy (ies) of bid documents of the bid received by  CESL prior to deadline stipulated in tender, but the bidder fails to submit its bid online within the stipulated time than in such case, their bid documents received in hard copies shall not be accepted and will be returned to them in unopened condition.   

--- Page 26 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 09.01.2026  SECTION - 2 (ITB) Page 20 of 32  
 D.   BID OPENING AND EVALUATION  4.1  Bid Opening Process  CESL will open all bids in the presence of bidders' representatives who choose to attend the opening at the time, on the date and at the place specified in the NIT. Bidders’ representatives shall sign a format as proof of their attendance.  Bidders’ names, bid prices, discounts, the presence or absence of requisite bid security and other such details as CESL, at its discretion, may consider appropriate, will be announced at the opening.  Late bids pursuant to ITB clause 3.2 and/or bids not accompanied by requisite Tender Fee, bid security/ or applicable document as specified in the RfP in a separate sealed envelope pursuant to ITB clause 1.4 & 2.4, will be rejected and returned unopened to the bidder.   Bids that are not opened and read out at bid opening will not be considered for further evaluation, regardless of the circumstances.   CESL will prepare minutes of the bid opening.   4.2    Clarification on Bids  During bid evaluation, CESL may, at its discretion, ask the bidder for a clarification of its bid. The request for clarification and the response shall be in writing, and no change in the price or substance of the bid shall be sought, offered or permitted. The address for communication will be same as ITB clause 1.2.  4.3    Preliminary Examination of Bids.  CESL will examine the bids to determine whether they are complete, whether any computational errors have been made, whether required sureties have been furnished, whether the documents have been properly signed, and whether the bids are generally in order.   4.4.   Arithmetical errors rectification process  Arithmetical errors will be rectified on the following basis. If there is a discrepancy between the unit price and the total price, which is obtained by multiplying the unit price and quantity, or between sub totals and the total price, the unit or subtotal price shall prevail, and the total price shall be corrected. If there is a discrepancy between words and figures, the amount in words will prevail. If the Bidder does not accept the correction of errors, its bid will be rejected and the bid security will be forfeited in accordance with ITB Sub-Clause 2.4.   CESL may waive off any minor infirmity, nonconformity or irregularity in a bid that does not constitute a material deviation, whether or not identified by the bidder in Attachment 4 to its bid, and that does not prejudice or affect the relative ranking of any bidder as a result of the technical and commercial evaluation, pursuant to ITB clauses 4.7 and 4.8.   4.5.   Preliminary Evaluation  Prior to the detailed evaluation, CESL will determine whether each bid is of acceptable quality, is generally complete and is substantially responsive to the bidding documents. For purposes of this determination, a substantially responsive bid is one that conforms to all the terms, conditions and specifications of the bidding documents without material deviations, objections, conditionality’s or reservations. A material deviation, objection, conditionality or reservation is one (i) that affects in any substantial way the scope, quality or performance of the contract; (ii) that limits in any substantial way, inconsistent with the bidding documents, CESL’s rights or the successful bidder’s obligations under the contract; or (iii) whose rectification would unfairly affect the competitive position of other bidders who are presenting substantially responsive bids.   

--- Page 27 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 09.01.2026  SECTION - 2 (ITB) Page 21 of 32  
4.6.   Acceptance of Important Condition  No deviation, whatsoever, is permitted by CESL to the provisions relating to the following clauses (Important Conditions). Party is to submit the following as attachment 4 in envelope 1:   Governing Laws      -  Clause 07 of ITB  Settlement of Disputes     -  Clause 06 of GCC  Terms of payment     -  Clause 2.22 of ITB  Performance Security     -  Clause 5.6 of ITB   Taxes and Duties     -  Clause 2.21 of ITB & 14 of GCC  Completion Time Guarantee    -  Clause 26 of GCC  Defects Liability     -  Clause 27 of GCC  Functional Guarantee     -  Clause 28 of GCC  Patent Indemnity     -  Clause 29 of GCC   Limitations of Liability     -  Clause 30 of GCC  Statutory Compliance/ Certification regarding   -  Clause 2.25 of ITB Cyber Security Products  Project information, Estimation,    -  As per Tables in price bid Assumptions and conditions  for Evaluation       Bidders are required to furnish a certificate as per Attachment 4, indicating their compliance to the provisions of the above clauses in a separate sealed envelope. In case the certificate as per Attachment-4 duly signed and stamped by the bidder, is not furnished along with the bid in a separate sealed envelope, the bid shall be rejected and returned to the bidder without being opened  At the time of award of contract, if so desired by CESL the bidder shall withdraw the deviations listed in attachment 5 at the cost of withdrawal stated by him, in his bid. In case the bidder does not withdraw the deviations proposed by him in attachment 5 to his bid, if any; at the cost of withdrawal stated in his bid, his bid will be rejected and security will be forfeited.  CESL's determination of a bid's responsiveness is to be based on the contents of the bid itself without recourse to extrinsic evidence. If a bid is not substantially responsive, it will be rejected by CESL, and may not subsequently be made responsive by the bidder by correction of the nonconformity.   4.7.   Technical Evaluation   CESL will carry out a detailed evaluation of the bids previously determined to be substantially responsive in order to determine whether the technical aspects are in accordance with the requirements set forth in the bidding documents. In order to reach such a determination, CESL will examine and compare the technical aspects of the bids on the basis of the information supplied by the bidders, taking into account the following factors:   a) Overall completeness and compliance with the technical specifications and drawings; deviations from the technical specifications as identified in Attachment 5 to the bid; suitability of the facilities offered in relation to the environmental and climatic conditions prevailing at the site; and quality, function and operation of any process control concept included in the bid. The bid that does not meet minimum acceptable standards of completeness, consistency and detail will be rejected for non- responsiveness. 

--- Page 28 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 09.01.2026  SECTION - 2 (ITB) Page 22 of 32  
 b) Achievement of specified performance criteria by the facilities as per scope of work  c) Type, quantity and long-term availability warranty spare parts and also mandatory and recommended spare parts and maintenance services   d) Any other relevant factors, if any, listed in the tender document, or that CESL deems necessary or prudent to take into consideration.  4.8.   Commercial Evaluation   The comparison shall be of the FOR site price of domestically manufactured plant and equipment including type test charges, if any and mandatory spares, warranty spares plus applicable sales tax & duties as well duties and taxes paid/payable on components and raw materials incorporated or to be incorporated in the plant and equipment including mandatory spares/warranty spares plus the cost of loading, unloading, local transportation, insurance covers, installation and commissioning, civil work other services required under the contract including service tax and surcharge, if any plus any survey cost, monitoring and verification cost, distribution cost, scrap disposal cost, annual maintenance cost, any services as per scope of work, administrative charges and statuary agencies cost including service tax and surcharge, if any. CESL’s comparison will also include the costs resulting from application of the evaluation procedures described in ITB sub-clause 4.9. However, the price of recommended spare parts or optional spares or services, if asked in the bid, shall not be considered for evaluation of bids.  CESL’s evaluation of a bid will take into account, in addition to the bid prices indicated in price schedules in section 4 along with the corrections pursuant to ITB sub-clause 4.3, the following costs and factors that will be added to each bidder’s bid price in the evaluation using pricing information available to CESL, in the manner and to the extent indicated in ITB sub-clause 4.9 and in the technical specifications:   a) The cost of all quantifiable deviations and omissions from the contractual and commercial conditions and the technical specifications as identified in Attachment 5 to the Bid.   b) Compliance with the time schedule called for and evidenced as needed in a milestone schedule provided in the bid.   c) The functional guarantees of the facilities offered as per scope of work.   d) The extra cost of work, services, facilities etc, required to be provided by CESL of third parties.  4.9.   Evaluations of Deviations:  Pursuant to ITB Sub-Clause 4.8, the following evaluation methods will be followed:  a) Technical and Commercial Deviations  The evaluation shall be based on the evaluated cost of fulfilling the contract in compliance with all commercial, contractual and technical obligations under this bidding document. In arriving at the evaluated cost, the price for withdrawal of deviations shown in Attachment 5 to the bid will be used if necessary. If such a price is not given in Attachment-5, CESL will make its own assessment of the cost of such a deviation for the purpose of ensuring fair comparison of bids.   b) Time schedule (program of performance)  The plant and equipment covered by this bidding are required to be transported/ shipped and installed, and the facilities are to be completed within the period as mentioned below.  Completion of all facilities/work: As per year/months in SSC.  

--- Page 29 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 09.01.2026  SECTION - 2 (ITB) Page 23 of 32  
The above date will be the effective date specified in the contract agreement. Bidders are required to base their prices on the time schedule or, where no time schedule is given, on the completion date(s) given above. No credit will be given for earlier completion.  The master network and the key milestone dates will be discussed with the successful bidder and agreed upon in pre-award discussion before issuance of Letter of Award. Engineering drawing and data submission schedule shall also be discussed and finalized before the issuance of Letter of Award.  After the Letter of Award, the contractor shall plan the sequence of work manufacture, supply, installation to meet the above stated dates of successful completion of facilities and shall ensure all work, manufacture, shop testing, inspection and shipment of the equipment in accordance with the required sequence.  c) Functional Guarantees of the facilities  Bidders shall state the functional guarantees (e.g. performance, efficiency, consumption) of the proposed facilities in response to the technical specifications. In case a minimum (or a maximum, as the case may be) level of functional guarantees is specified in the technical specifications for the bids to be considered responsive, bids offering plant and equipment with such functional guarantees less (or more) than the minimum (or maximum) specified shall be rejected.   d) Work, services, facilities etc., to be provided by CESL  Where bids include the undertaking of work or the provision of services or facilities by CESL in excess of the provisions allowed for in the bidding documents, CESL shall assess the costs of such additional work, services and/or facilities during the duration of the contract. Such costs shall be added to the bid price for evaluation.  4.10. Illustrative Method of Evaluation           Any Bidder (INR) 1. Quoted bid price without taxes and duties       (After considering arithmetical errors)   i) Ex works including Excise duty price including     N1  Type test Charges/Lab Test charges + inland transportation   including inland Transit insurance etc. For equipment and spares  ii) Prices for dismantling and/or installation     N2  iii)  Prices for additional Warranty, if any      N3  iv) Total Price         N(N1+N2+N3)       2. Taxes and Duties           i) CST/VAT/GST       T1 ii) Service Tax       T2 iii) Total         T(T1+T2)  3. Cost Compensation  i) Technical Cost Compensation      TCC   ii) Commercial Cost Compensation      CCC     iii) Total          TCC+CCC  4. Adjustments for Functional Guarantees     X  5. Final Evaluated Bid Price       N+T+TCC+CCC+X    

--- Page 30 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 09.01.2026  SECTION - 2 (ITB) Page 24 of 32  
4.11.   Contacting CESL  Subject to ITB Clause 12, no Bidder shall contact CESL on any matter relating to its bid, from the time of the opening of bids to the time the contract is awarded.  Information relating to the examination, evaluation and comparison of bids and recommendations for the award of contract shall not be disclosed to bidders or any other persons not officially concerned with such process until the award to the successful bidder has been announced. Any effort by a Bidder to influence CESL in CESL’s bid evaluation, bid comparison or contract award decisions may result in rejection of the Bidder’s bid.    E.  AWARD OF CONTRACT  5.1.   Award criteria Single Contract or in case of turnkey projects following mode of contract may be applicable.  Subject to ITB Clause 5.3, CESL will award the contract to the successful Bidder whose bid has been determined to be substantially responsive and  to  be  the lowest  evaluated  technically acceptable bid or bid offering highest return to CESL as the case may be as per tender documents and special conditions of contract,  further provided  that the Bidder is  determined  to  be  qualified  to  perform  the  contract  satisfactorily.  Except for the deviations listed in Attachment-5, the bidder would be required to comply with all the requirements of bidding documents without any extra cost to CESL failing which his bid security will be forfeited. Further, CESL may request the bidder to withdraw any or all of the deviations listed in Attachment – 5 to the winning bid, at the price shown for the deviation in Attachment 5 to the bid. In case the bidder does not withdraw the deviations proposed by him, if any, at the cost of withdrawal stated in the bid, his bid will be rejected and bid security forfeited.  The mode of contracting with the Successful Bidder will be as per stipulation  briefly indicated below: (i) First Contract: For supply of plant and equipment. (ii) Second Contract: For providing all services i.e. inland transportation for delivery at site, inland transit insurance, unloading, storage, handling at site, installation (including civil. Structural steel work & allied work, if applicable) insurance covers other than inland transit insurance, erection,  testing  &commissioning,  conducting  Guarantee  tests  in respect of all the Goods supplied under the ‘First Contract’ and all other (iii) Services as specified in the Contract Documents.  The above Contracts will contain a cross-fall breach clause specifying that breach of one Contract will constitute breach of the other Contract which will confer a right on CESL to terminate the other Contract also at the risk and the cost of the Contractor.  5.2.   Quantity Variation/Option Clause & Repeat Order Clause  5.2.1 Quantity Variation/Option Clause   CESL reserves the right to vary the quantity of  supply/services items upto +/- 25% and/or delete any items of the above altogether during the validity of Contract. Successful bidder, on whom award is made, is to supply this quantity variation at same price and terms and conditions of contract. However, the finalized permissible variation in Quantity shall be specified in Section-4   5.2.2 Repeat Order CESL reserves the right to place repeat order upto 50% of original contract value in case of urgency for part quantity for similar work on same prices, terms and 

--- Page 31 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 09.01.2026  SECTION - 2 (ITB) Page 25 of 32  
conditions. The date of repeat order will not beyond 3 months after the completion of earlier order.   5.2.3 Applicability of the above clause (cl. 5.2.1 and cl. 5.2.2) will be specified in Section-4 (SCC). The bidder should note that either one of these clauses may be applicable in the tender as specified in Section-4 (SCC). the finalized permissible variation in Quantity  in either case shall be specified in Section-4.  5.3.   CESL’s right to accept any bid and to reject any or all bids  The  CESL  reserves  the  right  to  accept  or  reject  any  bid,  and  to  annul  the bidding  process  and  reject  all  bids  at  any  time  prior  to  award  of  contract, without  assigning any reason thereof and incurring  any  liability  to  the  affected  Bidder  or  bidders  or  any obligation  to  inform  the  affected  Bidder  or  bidders  of  the  grounds  for  CESL’s action.  5.4.   Letter of Intent / Letter of Award  Prior to the expiration of the period of bid validity, CESL will notify the successful bidder in writing by issuing Letter of Award (LOA) either through telefax/ e-mail or though registered/speed post/couriered letter, that its bid /offer has been accepted. The Letter  of Award (LOA) will constitute the formation of the contract.    The bidder shall return duplicate copy of the LOA/contract and the other enclosed documents duly signed as a token of acknowledgement, within 10 days from the date of receipt of this order. Bidder is to make two original copies of Contract Agreement as per the format attached in the RfP Documents.   Upon the successful bidder’s furnishing of the performance security pursuant to ITB Clause 5.6, CESL will promptly notify each unsuccessful bidder and will discharge its bid security/EMD.  5.5.   Modifications  The contract agreement constitutes an entire agreement between the parties hereto. Any modifications to the contract agreement shall become binding only upon the same being confirmed in writing duly signed by both the parties.  CESL reserves the rights to cancel the order in the part or in full by giving one week advance notice thereby  if-  The bidder fails to comply with any of the terms of the order.  The bidder becomes bankrupt or goes in to liquidation.  The bidder makes general assignment for the benefit of the creditors and any receiver is appointed for the property owned by the bidder.  5.5.1 Signing the Contract Agreement  At the same time as CESL notifies the successful Bidder that its bid has been accepted, CESL will send the bidder the contract agreement provided in the bidding documents, incorporating all agreements between the parties.   Within twenty-eight (28) days of receipt of the contract agreement, the successful bidder shall sign and date the contract agreement and return it to CESL. Contract agreement will contain agreement on stamp paper, bid documents and bidder’s offer etc.  5.6.   Performance security  Within twenty-eight (28) days after receipt of the letter of award, the successful bidder shall furnish the performance security for three to ten percent (03%-10%) of the contract price. The actual value of Contract Performance Guarantee (CPG) will be as defined in Section-4 or as specified in tender 

--- Page 32 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 09.01.2026  SECTION - 2 (ITB) Page 26 of 32  
documents and in the form provided in the section "Forms and Procedures" of the bidding documents or in another form acceptable to CESL. Bidders are also requested to refer Clause no. 13.3 of Section-3 (GCC).  In case Joint Deed(s) of Undertaking by the Contractor along with his associate(s)/collaborator(s) form part of the Contract, then, unconditional Bank Guarantee(s) from such associate(s)/collaborator(s) for amount(s) specified in Bid   Failure of the successful Bidder to comply with the requirements of ITB Clause 5.5 shall constitute sufficient grounds for the annulment of the award and forfeiture of the bid security, in which event CESL may make the award to the next lowest evaluated bidder or call for new bids.   5.7.   Corrupt or Fraudulent practices:    CESL requires that bidders observe the highest standard of ethics during the procurement and execution of such contracts. In pursuance of this policy, CESL: defines, for the purposes of this provision, the terms set forth below as follows:  a.  i) "corrupt practice" means the offering, giving, receiving or soliciting of anything of value to influence the action of a public official in the procurement process or in contract execution; and  ii) "fraudulent practice" means a misrepresentation of facts in order to influence a procurement process or the execution of a contract to the detriment of CESL, and includes collusive practice among bidders (prior to or after bid submission) designed to establish bid prices at artificial non-competitive levels and to deprive CESL of the benefits of free and open competition;   b) will reject a proposal for award if it determines that the bidder recommended for award has engaged in corrupt or fraudulent practices in competing for the contract in question;   c) will declare a firm ineligible, either indefinitely or for a stated period of time, to be awarded a contract if it at any time determines that the firm has engaged in corrupt or fraudulent   practices in competing  for,  or in  executing,  a  contract  of  the  CESL.  5.8 Ineligibility for Future Tenders  Notwithstanding the provisions specified in ITB sub clause 2.4 and ITB sub clause 5.8, if a bidder after having been issued and letter of award, either does not sign the contract agreement or does not submit an acceptable performance security pursuant to ITB clause 5.6, such bidder may be considered ineligible for participating in future tenders of CESL for a period as may be decided by CESL.  5.8.1 Interchangeability Certificate   Successful bidder is to submit interchangeability certificate for its product supplied for replacement during warranty and maintenance period and even when it is purchased from open market. In case due to change in technology, the supplied product is not available during warranty/ maintenance period than the improved version of product can be used in warranty/ maintenance period with same or improved technical parameters or the combination thereof after written communication of Engineer in Charge at same cost& terms and conditions. Successful Bidder, on whom letter of award has been placed, has also to confirm that the prices of improved version of product is not lesser than the original product or its parts in comparison.  Note: Special Terms and Conditions will prevail upon the instruction to Bidders.  6.0 Liquidated Damages  Liquidity damages (LD) shall be as specified in Section-4 (SCC).   However, in general, in case of any delay in the execution of the order beyond the stipulated time schedule including any extension permitted in writing, CESL reserves the right to recover from the bidder a sum equivalent to 0.5% of the value of the delayed equipment installation/unexecuted 

--- Page 33 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 09.01.2026  SECTION - 2 (ITB) Page 27 of 32  
portion of work for each week of delay and part thereof subject to a maximum of 5% of the total value of the contract. Alternatively, CESL reserves the right to purchase and distribute equipment/ material from elsewhere at the sole risk at the cost of successful bidder/contractor and recover all such extra cost incurred by CESL in procuring the material from resources available including EMD/Bid Security/encashment of Bank Guarantee or any other sources etc. Further, if any extra cost is incurred by CESL due to delay in work completion by the party beyond the completion time as per P.O./L.O.A., the same shall also be recovered from party’s invoice/EMD/BGs etc.  Alternatively, CESL may cancel the order completely or partly without prejudice to his right under the alternatives mentioned above.  7.0 Governing Law  The Contract shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with laws in force in India. The Courts of Delhi shall have exclusive jurisdiction in all matters arising under the Contract.  8.0 Inspections and Tests  8.1 Inspection of Goods: CESL or its representative shall have the right to inspect and/or to test the Goods to confirm their conformity to the Contract specifications at no extra cost to CESL. (SCC and the Technical Specifications shall specify what inspections   and  tests  the  CESL  requires  and  where  they  are  to  be conducted). CESL shall notify the Contractor in writing in a timely manner of the identity of any representatives retained for these purposes.  8.2 The inspections and tests may be conducted on the premises of the Contractor or  its  subcontractor(s),  at  point  of  delivery  and/or  at  the  Goods  final destination.   If   conducted on the premises   of   the   Contractor   or   its subcontractor(s), all reasonable Works and assistance, including access to drawings and production data shall be furnished to the inspectors at no cost to CESL.  8.3 Should any inspected or tested Goods fail to conform to the specifications, CESL may reject and the Contractor shall either replace the rejected Goods or make alterations necessary to meet specification requirements free of cost to CESL.  8.4 CESL's right to inspect, test and, where necessary, reject the Goods after the  arrival at Site shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the Goods having previously been inspected, tested and passed by CESL or its Representative prior to the Goods shipment.  8.5 Nothing in GCC Clause 6 shall in any way release the Contractor from any warranty or other obligations under this Contract.  8.6 Manuals and Drawings.  8.6.1 Before the Goods and Services are taken over by CESL, the Contractor shall supply operation and maintenance manuals together with drawings of the goods and equipment. These shall be in such detail as will enable CESL to operate, maintain, adjust and repair all parts of the equipment as stated in the specifications. 8.6.2 The manuals and drawings shall be in the English ruling language and in such form and numbers as stated in the contract. 8.6.3 Unless and otherwise agreed, the goods and equipment shall not be considered to be completed for the purpose of taking over until such manuals and drawings have been supplied to CESL. 8.6.4 It shall be the obligation of the Contractor to train and familiarize the designated person by CESL in regard to the operation manual and drawings.  9.0 Transportation, Demurrage Wharfage, Etc.  Contractor is required under the Contract to transport the Goods to place of destination defined as Site. Transport to such place of destination in India including insurance, as shall be specified in the 

--- Page 34 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 09.01.2026  SECTION - 2 (ITB) Page 28 of 32  
Contract, shall be arranged by the Contractor, and the related cost shall be included in the Contract Price. Successful bidder, on whom letter of award is placed, is to ensure all safety guidelines, rules and regulations, labour laws etc. Successful bidder indemnify CESL for any accident, injury met by its labour, employee or any other person working for him. Any compensation sought by its labour, employee or any other person working for him shall be paid by successful bidder as per settlement solely. CESL has no role to play in this matter.  10.0 Warranty  10.1 The Contractor warrants that the Goods supplied under this Contract are new, unused, of the most recent or current models and that they incorporate all recent improvements in design and materials unless provided otherwise in the Contract. The Contractor further warrants that all Goods supplied under this Contract shall have no defect arising from design, materials or workmanship (except  when  the  design  and/or  material  is  required  by  the  CESL's Specifications) or from any act or omission of the Contractor, that may develop  under normal use of the supplied Goods in the conditions prevailing in the country of final destination.  10.2 This   warranty  of  all  the  Works  shall  remain  valid  for 2  year  after  the Commissioning. The Contractor  shall, in addition, comply with the performance  and/or guarantees specified under the Contract. If for reasons attributable to  the Contractor, these guarantees are not attained in whole or in part, the  Contractor shall: 10.3 make such changes, modifications, and/or additions to the Goods or any part thereof as may be necessary in order to attain the contractual guarantees specified in the Contract at its own cost and expense and to carry out further performance tests in accordance with SCC Clause;  OR 10.4 pay liquidated damages to CESL with respect to the failure to meet the contractual guarantees.  10.5. CESL shall notify the Contractor in writing of any claims arising under this warranty.  10.6 Upon receipt of such notice, the Contractor shall, within the period of 15 days and with all reasonable speed, repair or replace the defective Goods or parts thereof, free of cost at the ultimate destination. The Contractor shall take over the replaced parts/goods at the time of their replacement. No claim whatsoever shall lie on CESL for the replaced parts/goods thereafter. In the event of any  correction  of  defects  or  replacement  of  defective  material  during  the Warranty period, the Warranty for the corrected or replaced material shall be extended to a further period.  10.7 If the Contractor, having been notified, fails to remedy the defect(s) within 15 days, CESL may proceed to take such remedial action as may be necessary, at the Contractor's risk and expense and without prejudice to any other rights which CESL may have against the Contractor under the Contract. The performance guarantee and liquidated damaged be entitled to be recovered without prejudice to other rights of CESL.  11.0 THIRD-PARTY CONSULTANCY SERVICES  CESL is obliged, at its own expense, to make the necessary provision for the performance of those services by third parties commissioned by it, as described in Special Conditions of Contract.   12.1 SCOPE OF SERVICES   12.1.1 The Consultant shall deliver the Services in full and on time. 12.1.2 The Services to be performed by the Consultant encompass all the part services described and explained in Special Conditions of Contract, Terms of Reference plus Tender Documents and The Consultant's bid. Furthermore, the Consultant must deliver all the standard and special services as defined intender RfP. 12.1.3 The Consultant shall work together with third parties wherever commissioned by CESL. CESL is not responsible for these third parties or their performance, when the work is assigned to consultant to co-ordinate with them. In addition, the Consultant must comprehensively coordinate their services with its own services, as far as possible. 

--- Page 35 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 09.01.2026  SECTION - 2 (ITB) Page 29 of 32  
 12.2 STANDARD AND SPECIAL SERVICES 12.2.1 In addition to the Services specified explicitly in the Contract, the Consultant shall also perform all other services, if necessary, that are not listed under the contractual services, but are customarily required in order to properly discharge the contractual obligations ("standard services"). The standard services shall be fully compensated through the Agreed Remuneration in the contract. 12.2.2  "Special Services" are services that are not included under the contractual or standard services, but must necessarily be delivered by the Consultant in order to properly perform its duties under the Contract, because the external circumstances of service delivery have changed unexpectedly, or because CESL has suspended the Services Force Majeure or because CESL, with the prior consent of CESL, requires services that were not included in the invitation to tender but are necessary.    No extra cost is payable to fulfill the standard and / or special services.  12.3 DUE DILIGENCE 12.3.1 Except where otherwise stipulated in this Contract, or otherwise legally stipulated within the country or within another legal system (including the legal system in the Consultant's jurisdiction) by provisions that impose higher demands than this Contract, when performing its obligations under this Contract the Consultant shall exercise due diligence and provide the Services in compliance with professional practice and to the recognized quality standards, in accordance with current scientific and generally accepted engineering standards. The Consultant must document its work, the progress of the Project and the decisions it takes in an appropriate form that is acceptable to CESL, bearing in mind the requirements of tender/RfP/Letter of Award.  12.4 REPORTING 12.4.1 The Consultant shall inform CESL promptly of all extraordinary circumstances that arise during the performance of the services and of all matters requiring CESL approval. The consultant is to make reports as defined in scope of work and submit the same as per timelines defined in the contract.  12.5 STAFFING 12.5.1 The Consultant shall employ the staff specified in bid [Staffing Schedule] to implement performance of the Services. The list of designated key staff and any changes to it shall require the prior written approval of CESL. 12.5.2 CESL may require the Consultant to terminate the contract of, or replace, any staff member who fails to meet the requirements as per contract. Any such demand must be submitted in writing to the Consultant stating the reasons for it. 12.5.3 If staff employed by the Consultant need to be replaced, the Consultant shall ensure that the staff member in question is replaced promptly by an individual who possesses at least equivalent qualifications. 12.5.4 If any one of the Consultant's staff falls ill for more than one month and this jeopardizes the performance of this Contract by the Consultant, the Consultant shall replace this staff member with another staff member who possesses at least equivalent qualifications. 12.5.6 Staff shall only be replaced after prior approval by CESL, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld. The exchange, replacement, or planned dispensation of replacement (as exception to existing rules) of key staff specified by name shall require the prior approval of CESL. 12.5.7 If the Consultant must terminate the contract of, or replace, any staff during the Contract period, the costs thus accrued shall be borne by the Consultant, except where staff are removed or replaced at CESL's request. In this case, CESL shall meet the costs of replacing the staff member, unless the staff member in question does not meet the requirements.   12.6 CONTACT PERSON OF THE CONSULTANT  12.6.1 The Consultant shall appoint for the exercise ofall rights and obligations arising from this Contract a natural person as its contact person for CESL under this Contract.  12.6.2 The Consultant shall specify and provide respective contact data to CESL - for an individual at the Consultant's place of business who can be reached at any time in cases of emergency or crisis as 

--- Page 36 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 09.01.2026  SECTION - 2 (ITB) Page 30 of 32  
well as a deputy of the Consultant. The Consultant shall notify CESL without delay of any change of elected person or their contact data.  12.7 INDEPENDENCE OF THE CONSULTANT  12.7.1 The Consultant undertakes that neither the Consultant nor any enterprise associated with the Consultant shall bid for the Project as manufacturer, supplier, or building contractor. This prohibition also applies to any bidding for any further consulting services, insofar as such consulting services might lead to a restriction of competition or a conflict of interests. Any violation of this stipulation may lead to the immediate cancellation of this Contract and require the reimbursement of any and all costs incurred by CESL up to the time of such violation as well as compensation for any and all losses and damages incurred by CESL as a result of such cancellation.    12.8  COMMENCEMENT AND COMPLETION  12.8.1 The Consultant shall begin performing the Services on the prescribed date on which execution of the Contract shall take place, but not earlier than and without undue delay after the Contract has come into force. The Consultant shall deliver the Services in accordance with the time schedule in the bid [Time Schedule for the Performance of the Services defined in SCC], and shall complete the Services within the Completion Period, subject to any further extensions to this Contract accorded by CESL. 12.8.2 In relation to optional services (if any), the Consultant shall commence delivery of the optional services not earlier than upon receipt of notification from CESL,  12.8.3 Any change to the time schedule [Time Schedule for the Performance of the Services] due to a reasonable request by either party shall be mutually agreed upon in writing.  12.9  FORCE MAJEURE  In addition to Force Majeure defined in clause 37 (GCC), following will also be applicable for consultancy work.  12.9.1 In the event of Force Majeure, the contractual obligations, as far as affected by such event, shall be suspended for as long as performance remains impossible due to the Force Majeure, provided that one party to the Contract receives notification of the Force Majeure event from the other party within two weeks after its occurrence and both the parties agree for that to be a force majeure. Any and all liability of the Consultant for damages arising due to its absence caused by the Force Majeure is excluded. 
 
12.9.2 In the event of Force Majeure, the Consultant shall be entitled to an extension of the Contract equal to the delay caused by such Force Majeure. If the performance of the Services is rendered permanently impossible by the Force Majeure, both parties to this Contract shall be entitled to terminate the Contract on mutual agreement basis only.  12.9.3 In case of suspension or termination of the Contract due to Force Majeure, the Services performed up to the time of the Force Majeure and all necessary expenditure (which is evidenced) of the Consultant arising from the discontinuing of the Services shall be invoiced on the basis of contractual prices subject to CESL agreement with the work. Neither party shall make any further claims.  12.10 SUSPENSIONS OR TERMINATION  12.10.1 CESL may fully or partially suspend the Services or terminate this Contract after serving written notice of at least 30 days. In this event, the Consultant must immediately take all measures necessary to ensure that the Services are discontinued and the expenditure minimized. The Consultant shall hand over all reports, drafts and documents to be drawn up by the date in question to CESL. In case of termination Force majeure shall apply mutatis mutandis.  

--- Page 37 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 09.01.2026  SECTION - 2 (ITB) Page 31 of 32  
12.10.2 If the Consultant fails to meet its contractual obligations without sufficient reason; in accordance with the Contract; or on time, CESL may serve a notice upon the Consultant and request it to duly perform its Services. If the Consultant fails to remedy the performance deficit within a period of 21 days of having been called upon to do so by CESL, CESL shall be entitled, after this period has elapsed, to terminate the Contract by written notice. 12.10.3 If the termination of the Contract is due to a default on the part of the Consultant, the Consultant shall be entitled to demand the Agreed Remuneration for the Services performed until the date of termination but not yet remunerated. CESL shall be entitled to demand compensation for the direct damages caused by the default.  12.11 REMUNERATION OF THE CONSULTANT  The Consultant shall receive the remuneration agreed in the Special Conditions and bid price schedule for performing the Services owed under this Contract, subject to the conditions listed therein and the conditions below.   12.12 TERMS OF PAYMENT  Except where otherwise agreed in the Special Conditions, CESL shall pay the Consultant's remuneration as follows: (a) Advance payment, due within 30 days of award of Contract upon presentation of an invoice against equivalent advance bank guarantee, if mentioned in SCC. (b) Payments based on deliverables as per tender/SCC or as agreed upon in amendments. (c) The final payment shall be made after the Services have been performed in full and confirmation had been provided by CESL to that Consultant.  12.13 METHOD OF PAYMENT  Payment shall be made according to the conditions set out in the Special Conditions or as agreed upon.  12.14 INSURANCE AGAINST LIABILITY AND DAMAGES  The Consultant is advised to take out insurance for the period of the Contract, on the terms specified in the Special Conditions, including, but not limited to, the following: a) Professional liability insurance; b) Personal liability insurance; c) Equipment insurance covering loss of or physical damage to all equipment acquired, used, provided or paid for by CESL within the context of this Contract; and d) Motor vehicle third party liability insurance and motor vehicle comprehensive insurance for the vehicles acquired in connection with this Contract.  CESL will not be responsible in case any accident/ mis-happenings with consultant employee or contract person and for any equipment damage or theft occurs and in no case CESL shall pay for it.   In case of any contradiction in ITB and SCC, then SCC will prevail.               

--- Page 38 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 09.01.2026  SECTION - 2 (ITB) Page 32 of 32  
    LIST OF ACRONYMS 
 
EMD:    Earnest Money Deposit 
EoI:       Expression of Interest 
SCC:     Special Conditions of Contract 
INR:      Indian Rupees 
IST:       Indian Standard Time 
LED:     Light Emitting Diodes 
LoI:       Letter of Intent 
LoA: Letter of Acceptance  
MoU:     Memorandum of Understanding 
MoP:      Ministry of Power 
RECL:    Rural Electrification Corporation Ltd 
EESL:  Energy Efficiency Services Ltd 
CESL :  Convergence Energy Services Ltd 
O&M:    Operation & Maintenance 
RfP:       Request for Proposal 
R&M:     Repair & Maintenance 
SD:        Security Deposit 
CPG: Contract Performance Guarantee 
FTL: Fluorescent Tube Light 
SVL: Sodium Vapor Lamp  
PMA:  Project Management Agency 

--- Page 39 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 
dated: 09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) Page 1 of 55 
 
SECTION-3 
 
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT (GCC) 
 
GENERAL CONDITIONS CONTRACT (GCC) 
S.NO                                                  DESCRIPTION PAGE NO. 
A.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
B.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
C.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
D.  
 
 
 
 
 
        E. 
 
 
 
 
 
Contract and Interpretation 
 
1. Definitions 
 
2. Contract Document 
 
3. Interpretation 
 
4. Notices 
 
5. Governing Low 
 
6. Settlement of Disputes 
 
Subject Matter of  Contract 
 
7. Scope of Facilities 
 
8. Time for Commencement and completion 
 
9. Implementing Partner’s Responsibilities  
 
10. CESL’s Responsibilities 
 
Payment 
 
11. Contract Price 
 
12. Terms of Payment 
 
13. Securities 
 
14. Taxes and Duties 
 
Intellectual Property 
 
15. Copyright 
 
16. Confidential Information 
 
Work Execution 
 
17. Representatives 
 
18. Work Program 
 
 
 
4 
 
6 
 
6 
 
9 
 
9 
 
10 
 
 
 
12 
 
15 
 
16 
 
16 
 
 
 
17 
 
18 
 
18 
 
19 
 
 
 
20 
 
20 
 
 
 
21 
 
23 
 

--- Page 40 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) Page 2 of 55 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
          F. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
          G. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
         H. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
19. Subcontracting  
 
20. Design and Engineering 
 
21. Procurement 
 
22. Installation 
 
23. Test and Inspection 
 
24. Completion of the facilities 
 
25. Commissioning, Guarantee Test and Operational 
Acceptance 
 
Guarantees and Liabilities 
 
26. Completion Time and Guarantee  
 
27. Defect Liability 
 
28. Functional Guarantees 
 
29. Patent Indemnity 
 
30. Limitation of Liability 
 
Risk Distribution 
 
31. Transfer of Ownership 
 
32. Care of Facilities 
 
33. Loss of or Damage to property; Accident or Injury to 
Workers; Indemnification 
 
34. Insurance 
 
35. Unforeseen Conditions 
 
36. Change in Law and Regulations 
 
37. Force Majeure 
 
38. War Risks 
 
Change in Contract Elements 
 
39. Change in the Facilities 
 
40. Extension of Time for Completion 
 
41. Suspension 
 
24 
 
24 
 
26 
 
27 
 
31 
 
32 
 
34 
 
 
 
 
35 
 
36 
 
38 
 
38 
 
39 
 
 
 
39 
 
40 
 
41 
 
 
42 
 
44 
 
45 
 
46 
 
46 
 
 
 
48 
 
49 
 
50 
 

--- Page 41 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) Page 3 of 55 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
I. 
 
 
42. Termination  
 
43. Assignment 
 
44. Bankruptcy 
 
45. Contractor Performance & Feedback and Evaluation 
System 
 
46. Fraud Prevention Policy 
 
Fall Clause  
 
47. Fall Clause 
 
51 
 
56 
 
57 
 
57 
 
 
57 
 
 
 
59 
 
  

--- Page 42 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) Page 4 of 55 
 
A. Contract and Interpretation 
 
1. Definitions 
 
1.1 The following words and expressions shall have the meanings hereby assigned to them:  
 “Contract” means the Contract Agreement entered into between CESL   and   the Implementing Partner, 
together with the Contract Documents referred to therein; they shall constitute the Contract, and the 
term “the Contract” shall in all such documents be construed accordingly. 
 
“Contract Documents” means the documents listed in Article. 1.1 (Contract Documents) of the Form 
of Contract Agreement (including any amendments thereto).  
 
“GCC” means the General Conditions of Contract hereof.  
 
“SCC” means the Special Conditions of Contract.  
 
“Day” means calendar day of the Gregorian calendar.  
 
“Month” means calendar month of the Gregorian calendar.  “CESL” means CESL, New Delhi/Noida and includes the legal successors or permitted assigns of 
CESL. 
 
 “Project Manager” means the person appointed by CESL in the manner provided in GCC Sub-Clause 
17.1 (Project Manager) hereof and named as such in the SCC to perform the duties delegated by CESL. 
 
 “Contractor or Implementing Partner” means the person(s) whose bid to perform the Contract has 
been accepted by CESL and is named as such in the Con- tract Agreement, and includes the legal 
successors or permitted assigns of the Implementing Partner. 
 
“Contractor or Implementing Partner’s Representative” means any person nominated by the Implementing Partner and approved by CESL in the manner provided in GCC Sub- Clause 17.2 
(Implementing Partner’s Representative   and Construction Manager) hereof to perform the duties 
delegated by the Implementing Partner. 
 
 “Sub Contractor or Sub Implementing Partner,” including vendors, means any person to whom  
execution  of any part of the Facilities, including preparation of any  design  or supply  of  any  Plant 
and Equipment, is sub-contracted directly or indirectly by the Implementing Partner, and includes its 
legal successors or permitted assigns. 
 
 “Adjudicator” means the person or persons named as such in the SCC to   make   a decision on or to 
settle any dispute or difference between CESL and the Implementing Partner referred to him   or  her  
by  the  parties pursuant to GCC Sub-Clause 6.1 (Adjudicator) hereof. 
 
“Contract Price” means the sum specified in Article 2.1 (Contract Price) of the Contract Agreement, 
subject to such additions and adjustments thereto or deductions there from, as may be made pursuant 
to the Con-tract. 

--- Page 43 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) Page 5 of 55 
 
 
“Facilities” means the Plant and Equipment to be supplied and installed, as well as all the Installation 
Services to be carried out by the Implementing Partner under the Contract. 
 
“Plant and Equipment” means permanent plant, equipment, machinery, apparatus, articles and things 
of all kinds to be provided and incorporated in the Facilities by the Implementing Partner under the 
Contract (including the spare parts to be supplied by the Implementing Partner under GCC Sub-Clause 
7.3 here-of), but does not include Implementing Partner’s Equipment. 
 
“Installation Services” means all those services ancillary to the supply of the Plant and Equipment for 
the Facilities, to be provided by the Implementing Partner under the Contract; e.g., transportation and 
provision of marine or other similar insurance, inspection, expediting, Site preparation works 
(including the provision and use of Implementing Partner’s Equipment and the supply of all 
construction materials required), installation, testing, pre-commissioning, commissioning, operations, 
maintenance, the provision of operations and maintenance manuals, training of CESL's Personnel etc. 
 
“Contractor or Implementing Partner’s Equipment” means all plant, facilities, equipment, machinery, 
tools, apparatus, appliances or things of every kind required in or for installation, completion and 
maintenance of Facilities that are to be provided by the Implementing Partner, but does not include 
Plant and Equipment, or other things intended to form or forming part of the Facilities. 
 
“Site” means the land and other places upon which the Facilities are to be installed, and such other 
land or places as may be specified in the Contract as forming part of the Site. 
 
“Effective Date” means the date from which the Time for Completion shall be determined as stated in 
Article 3 (Effective Date for Determining Time for Completion) of the Form of Contract Agreement. 
 
“Time for Completion” means the time within which Completion of the Facilities as a whole (or of a 
part of the Facilities where a separate Time for Completion of such part has been prescribed) is to be 
attained in accordance with the stipulations in the SCC and the relevant provisions of the Contract. 
 
“Completion” means that the Facilities (or a specific part thereof where specific parts are specified in 
the SCC) have been completed operationally and structurally and put in a tight and clean condition, 
and that all work in respect of Pre-commissioning of the Facilities or such specific part thereof has 
been completed; and Commissioning has been attained as per Technical Specifications. 
 
“Pre-commissioning”   means  the  testing,  checking  and  other requirement specified in the Technical 
Specifications that are to be  carried out by the Implementing Partner in preparation for Commissioning  as provided  in GCC Clause 24 (Completion) hereof. 
 
Commissioning” means trial/intial operation of the Facilities or any part thereof by the Implementing Partner, which operation is to be carried out by the Con tractor as provided in GCC Sub-Clause 25.1 (Commissioning) hereof, for the purpose of carrying out Guarantee Test(s). 
 
“Guarantee Test(s)” means the test(s) specified in the Technical Specifications to be carried out to 
ascertain whether the Facilities or a specified part thereof is able to attain the Functional Guarantees 
specified in the Technical Specifications in accordance with  the provisions of GCC Sub Clause 25.2 
(Guarantee Test) hereof. 
 
Operational Acceptance” means the acceptance by CESL of the Facilities (or any part of the Facilities 

--- Page 44 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) Page 6 of 55 
 
where the Contract provides for acceptance of the Facilities in parts), which certifies the  Implementing 
Partner’s  fulfilment  of  the  Contract  in  respect  of Functional  Guarantees  of  the Facilities  (or the 
relevant part thereof) in accordance with the provisions of GCC Clause 28 (Functional   Guarantees)   
hereof  and  shall  include deemed acceptance in accordance with GCC Clause 25 (Commissioning and 
Operational Acceptance) hereof. 
 
Defect Liability Period” means the period of validity of the warranties given by the Implementing 
Partner  commencing at Completion of the Facilities  or a part thereof, during which the Implementing 
Partner is responsible for   defects with  respect  to the Facilities (or the relevant  part  thereof)as provided in GCC Clause 27 (Defect Liability) hereof. 
 
2. Contract Documents 
 
2.1 Subject to Article1.2 (Order of Precedence) of the Contract Agreement all documents forming part 
of the Contract (and all parts thereof) are intended to be correlative, complementary and mutually 
explanatory. The Contract shall be read as a whole. 
 
2.2 The Contract will be signed in three originals and the Implementing Partner shall be provided with one signed original and the rest will be retained by CESL. 
 
2.3 The   Implementing Partner   shall   provide free   of  cost  to  the  CESL  all  the  engineering data, 
drawing and descriptive materials submitted with the bid,in  at  least  five  (5)  copies  to  form  a  part  of  the  Contract  immediately after Notification of Award/ letter of Award. 
 
2.4 Subsequent   to   signing   of   the Contract,  the  Implementing Partner  at  his  own  cost shall  provide  
the  CESL  with  at  least  five(05)  true  copies  of Contract  Agreement  within  thirty  (30)  days  after  signing  of  the  Contract. 
 
3. Interpretation 
 
3.1 Language 
 
3.1.1 Unless the Implementing Partner is a national of CESL’s country and CESL and the 
Implementing Partner agree to use the local language, all Contract Documents, all correspondence and communications to be given, and all other documentation to be prepared and supplied under the Contract shall be written in English, and the Contract shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with that 
language. 
 
3.1.2 If any of the Contract Documents, correspondence or communications are prepared in any language other than the governing language under GCC Sub-Clause 3.1.1 above, the English translation of such documents, correspondence or communications shall prevail in matters of interpretation. 
 
3.2 Singular and Plural 
The singular shall include the plural and the plural the singular, except where the context otherwise 
requires. 
 
3.3 Headings 
The headings and marginal notes in the General Conditions of Contract are included for ease of 
reference, and shall neither constitute a part of the Contract nor affect its interpretation. 
 
3.4 Persons 
Words importing persons or parties shall include firms, corporations and government entities. 
 
3.5 Inco terms 

--- Page 45 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) Page 7 of 55 
 
Unless inconsistent with any provision of the Contract, the meaning  of any trade term and the rights 
and obligations of parties there under shall be as prescribed by Incoterms. 
 
Inco terms means international rules for interpreting trade terms published by the International Chamber of Commerce (latest edition), 38 Cours Albert 1er, 75008 Paris, France. 
 
3.6 Construction of the Contract (applicable only if specifically mandated in SCC) 
 
3.6.1 The Contracts  to  be  entered  into  between  the  CESL  and  the successful  bidder  shall  be  as  
under  : 
Single Contract or in case of turnkey projects following mode of contract may be applicable.  
 
i) First Contract: For Ex-works (India) supply of plant and equipment and accessories by bidder 
including mandatory spares and spares to be supplied during wharf  
ii) Second Contract: for providing all services i.e. loading, inland/air/shipment transportation for 
delivery at site, inland/air/shipment transit insurance, unloading, storage, handling at site, 
installation, insurance covers other than inland transit insurance, testing, commissioning and 
conducting Guarantee tests in respect of all the equipments supplied under the 'First Contract' and 
all other services including civil works, if any,  as specified in the Contract Documents including 
sales tax and duties as asked in price bid in section IV. It will also cover cost for Repair and 
Maintenance and equipments and/or additional warranty, where ever asked for ,supplied under the 
'First Contract' and all other services including civil works, if any, as specified in the Contract 
Documents. All items in second contract must be quoted including service tax.  
iii) Third Contract: For providing all services including Awareness programme for public/stake 
holders/workshops/printing brochure and other materials, Survey cost, Monitoring and 
verification cost, scrap disposal cost, arrangement of office at both sites and Statuary agencies 
cost including service tax. 
All the above Contracts will contain a cross-fall breach clause specifying that breach of one 
Contract will constitute breach of the other Contracts which will confer a right on CESL to 
terminate the other Contracts also at the risk and the cost of the contractor /Implementing Partner 
for the Project, for which awards have been made. 
In case, value of second contract viz transportation, insurance is lower or the supply cost includes 
transportation, insurance etc than three contract may be merged in two contract. 
Prices are to be quoted as Firm during currency of contract. No price adjustment is allowed. 
General: 
1. In case of investment partner, A project manager is to be deputed from their side for co-
coordinating activities. 
2. Word Implementing Partner for any Project used in General Conditions of contract 
includes persons of Investment partner, executing and implementing agencies etc 
3. Notification of award means Letter of Intent and Letter of award 
 
3.6.2 The award of separate Contracts shall not in any way dilute the responsibility of the 
Implementing Partner for the successful completion of the Facilities as per Contract Documents and 
a breach in one Con-tract shall automatically be construed as a breach of the other Contract(s) which 
will confer a right on CESL to terminate the other Contract(s) also at the risk and the cost of the 

--- Page 46 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) Page 8 of 55 
 
Implementing Partner.  
 
3.7 Entire Agreement  
 
Subject to GCC Sub-Clause 16.4 hereof, the Contract constitutes the entire agreement between CESL 
and Implementing Partner with respect to the subject matter of Contract and supersedes all 
communications, negotiations and agreements (whether written or oral) of parties with respect thereto 
made prior to the date of Contract.  
 
3.8 Amendment 
 
No amendment or other variation of the Contract shall be effective unless it is in writing, is dated, 
expressly refers to the Contract, and is signed by a duly authorized representative of each party here 
to.  
 
3.9 Independent Contractor or Implementing Partner 
   
The Implementing Partner shall be an independent Implementing Partner performing the Contract. 
The Contract does not create any agency, partnership, joint venture or other joint relationship between 
the parties here to.  
 
Subject to the provisions of the Contract, the Contractor or Implementing Partner shall be solely 
responsible for the manner in which the Contract is performed. All employees, representatives or Sub 
Contractor or Sub Implementing Partners engaged by the Implementing Partner in connection with 
the performance of the Contract shall be under the complete control of the Implementing Partner and 
shall not be deemed to be employees of CESL, and nothing contained in the Contract or in any 
subcontract awarded by the Implementing Partner shall be construed to create any contractual 
relationship between any such employees, representatives or Sub Contractor or Sub Implementing 
Partners and CESL. 
 
3.10 Joint Venture or Consortium  
 
If the Implementing Partner is a joint venture or consortium of two or more firms, all such firms shall 
be jointly and severally bound to CESL for the fulfilment of the provisions of the Contract and shall 
designate one of such firms to act as a leader with authority to bind the joint venture or consortium. 
The composition or the constitution of the joint venture or consortium shall not be altered without the 
prior consent of CESL.  
 
3.11 Non-Waiver  
 
3.11.1Subject to GCC Sub-Clause 3.11.2 below, no relaxation, forbearance, delay or indulgence by 
either party in enforcing any of the terms and conditions of the Contract or the granting of time by 
either party to the other shall prejudice, affect or restrict the rights of that party under the Contract, 
nor shall any waiver by either party of any breach of Contract operate as waiver of any subsequent or 
continuing breach of Contract. 
 
3.11.2 Any waiver  of  a  party’s  rights,  powers  or  remedies  under  the Contract must be in writing, 
must be dated and signed by an authorized representative of the party granting such waiver, and must specify the right and the extent to which it is being waived. 
 
3.12 Severability 

--- Page 47 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) Page 9 of 55 
 
If any provision or condition of  the  Contract  is  prohibited  or  rendered invalid or unenforceable, such 
prohibition, invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other 
provisions and conditions of the Contract. 
 
3.13 Country of Origin 
“Origin” means the place where the materials, equipment and other supplies for the Facilities are mined, grown, produced or manufactured, and from which the services are provided. 
 
4. Notices 
 
4.1Unless otherwise stated in the Contract, all notices to be given under the Contract shall be in 
writing, and shall be sent by personal delivery, airmail post, special courier, cable, telegraph, telex, 
facsimile or Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) to the address of the relevant party set out in the Contract Coordination Procedure to be finalised pursuant to GCC Sub-Clause 17.2.3.1, with the 
following provisions. 
 
4.1.1Any notice sent by cable, telegraph, facsimile or shall be confirmed within two (2) days  after despatch by notice sent by airmail/ post  or  special  courier,  except  as  otherwise  specified  in  the 
Contract. 
 
4.1.2Any notice sent by airmail post or special courier shall be deemed (in the absence of     evidence of earlier receipt) to  have  been delivered ten (10) days after despatch.   In proving the fact of despatch, it shall be sufficient to show that the envelope containing such notice was properly addressed, stamped and conveyed to the postal authorities or courier service for transmission by airmail or special courier. 
 
4.1.3Any notice delivered personally or sent by telegraph, facsimile shall be deemed to have been delivered on date of its despatch.  
4.1.4Either party may change its postal, cable, telex, facsimile or EDI address or addressee for receipt of such notices by ten (10) days’ notice to the other party in writing.  
 
4.2 Notices shall  be  deemed  to  include  any  approvals,  consents,  instruction orders  and certificates  
to be given under the Contract. 
 
5. Governing Law 
 
5.1The Contract shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with laws in force in India. The Courts of Delhi shall have exclusive jurisdiction in all matters arising under the Contract. 
 
6. Settlement of Disputes  
 
6.1 Adjudicator 
6.1.1 If any dispute of any kind whatsoever shall arise between CESL and the Implementing Partner 
in connection with or arising out of the Contract, including without prejudice to the generality of the 
foregoing, any question regarding its existence, validity or termination,  or  the  execution  of  the  Facilities—whether  during  the progress of the Facilities or after  their completion and whether before 
or after the termination, abandonment or breach of the Contract—the parties shall seek to resolve any 
such dispute or difference by mutual consultation.   If the parties fail to resolve such a dispute or 
difference by mutual consultation, then the dispute shall be referred in writing by either party to the 
Adjudicator, with a copy to the other party. 
 
6.1.2 The Adjudicator shall give its decision in writing to both parties within twenty-eight (28) days of a dispute being referred to it. If the Adjudicator has done so, and no notice of intention to commence arbitration has been given by either CESL or the Implementing Partner within fifty-six (56) days of 

--- Page 48 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 10 of 
55 
 
such reference, the decision shall become final and binding upon CESL and the Implementing Partner. 
Any decision that has    become final and binding shall be implemented by the parties forthwith. 
 
6.1.3 Should the Adjudicator resign or die, or should CESL and the Implementing Partner agree that 
the Adjudicator is not fulfilling its functions in accordance with the provisions of the Contract; another retired Judge of High Court/Supreme Court of India shall be jointly appointed by CESL and the 
Implementing Partner as adjudicator under the Contract. Failing agreement between the two within twenty eight  (28)  days,  the  new  retired  judge  of  High  Court/Supreme Court of India shall be 
appointed as the Adjudicator under the Contract at the request of either party by the Appointing Authority specified in the SCC. The adjudicator shall be paid fee plus reasonable expenditures incurred in the execution of its duties as adjudicator under the contract. This cost shall be divided equally between 
CESL and the Implementing Partner. 
 
6.2 Arbitration 
 
6.2.1 If either CESL or the Implementing Partner is dissatisfied with the Adjudicator’s decision, or if the Adjudicator fails to give a decision within twenty-eight (28) days of a dispute being referred to it, then either CESL or the Implementing Partner may, within  fifty-six  (56) days of such reference, give 
notice to the other party, with a copy for information to the Adjudicator, of its intention to com- 
mence arbitration, as hereinafter provided, as to the matter in dispute, and no arbitration in respect of 
this matter may be commenced unless such notice is given. 
 
6.2.2 Any dispute in respect of which a notice of intention to commence arbitration has been given, 
in accordance with GCC Sub-Clause 6.2.1, shall be finally settled by arbitration. Arbitration may be 
commenced prior to or after completion of the Facilities. 
 
In  case  the  Contractor  is  a  Public  Sector  Enterprise  or  a  Government Department 
 
6.2.3 In case the Contractor is a Public Sector Enterprise or a Government Department, the dispute 
shall be shall be referred for resolution in Permanent Machinery for Arbitration(PMA) of the 
Department of Public Enterprise, Government of India. Such dispute or difference shall be referred 
by either party for Arbitration to the sole Arbitrator in the Department of Public Enterprises to be 
nominated by the Secretary to the Government of India in-charge of the Department of Public 
Enterprises. The award of the Arbitrator shall be binding upon the parties to the dispute, provided, 
however, any party aggrieved by such award may make a further reference for setting aside or revision 
of the award to the Law Secretary, Department of Legal Affairs, Ministry of Law & Justice, 
Government of India. Upon such reference the dispute shall be decided by the Law Secretary or the 
Special Secretary/Additional Secretary, when so authorized by the Law Secretary, whose decision 
shall bind the Parties finally and conclusively. The Parties to the dispute 
will share   equally  the  cost  of  arbitration  as  intimated  by  the  Arbitrator. 
 
In  case  the  Contractor  is  not  a  Public  Sector  Enterprise or  a  Government Department 
 
6.2.4 In all other cases, any dispute submitted by a party to arbitration shall be heard by  an  arbitration 
panel  composed  of  three  arbitrators,  in  accordance  with  the provisions set forth  below. 
 
6.2.5 CESL and the Contractor shall each appoint one arbitrator, and these two arbitrators  shall  
jointly  appoint  a  third  arbitrator,  who  shall  chair  the  arbitration panel. If the two  arbitrators do 
not succeed in appointing a third arbitrator within twenty-eight (28) days after the  latter of the two 
arbitrators has been appointed, the third arbitrator shall,  at  the  request  of  either  party,  be  appointed  
by  the Appointing Authority for arbitrator designated in the SCC. 
 

--- Page 49 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 11 of 
55 
 
6.2.6 If one party fails to appoint its arbitrator within forty-two (42) days after the other party has 
named its arbitrator, the party which  has  named  an  arbitrator  may request the Appointing  Authority 
to appoint the second arbitrator. 
 
6.2.7 If for any reason an arbitrator is unable to perform its function, the mandate of the Arbitrator 
shall terminate in accordance with the provisions of applicable laws as mentioned in GCC Clause 
5(Governing Law) and a substitute shall be appointed in the same manner as the original arbitrator. 
 
6.2.8 Arbitration proceedings  shall  be  conducted  in  accordance  with  The  Arbitration  and 
Conciliation  Act, 1996 and its subsequent thereof. The venue of arbitration shall be New Delhi. 
 
6.2.9 The decision of a majority of the arbitrators (or of the third arbitrator chairing the arbitration 
panel, if there is no such majority) shall be final and binding and shall be enforceable in any court of 
competent jurisdiction as decree of the court. The parties thereby waive  any  objections  to  or  claims  
of  immunity  from  such enforcement. 
 
6.2.10 The arbitrator(s) shall give reasoned award. 
 
Notwithstanding any reference to the Adjudicator or arbitration herein, 
 
the parties shall continue to perform their respective obligations under the Contract unless they 
otherwise agree 
 
CESL shall pay the Contractor any monies due to the Contractor. 
 
Arbitration:  
1. Appointing authority for adjudicator: MD, CESL 
2. The place of arbitration shall be: New Delhi 
B. Subject Matter of Contract 
 
7. Scope of Facilities  
 
7.1 Unless otherwise expressly limited in the Technical Specifications, the Implementing Partner’s 
obligations cover the provision of all Plant and Equipment and  the  performance  of all Installation Services required for the design, the manufacture (including procurement, quality assurance, construction, installation, associated civil works, Recommissioning and delivery) of  the  Plant  and  Equipment  and  the  installation,  completion,  commissioning and performance testing of the Facilities in accordance with  the plans, procedures, specifications, drawings, codes and any other documents 
as specified  in the Technical Specifications.  Such specifications include, but are not limited to, the 
provision of supervision and engineering services; the supply of labour, materials, equipment, spare 
parts (as specified in GCC Sub-Clause 7.3 below) and accessories;  Implementing Partner’s 
Equipment; construction utilities and supplies; temporary materials, structures and facilities; 
transportation (including, without limitation, unloading and  hauling  to,  from  and  at  the  Site);  and  
storage,  except  for  those supplies, works and services that will be provided or performed by CESL, 
as set forth in Appendix 6 (Scope of Works and Supply by CESL) to the Contract Agreement. 

--- Page 50 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 12 of 
55 
 
 
7.2 The Contractor or Implementing Partner shall, unless specifically excluded in the Contract, 
perform  all  such  work  and/or  supply  all  such  items  and  materials  not specifically mentioned 
in the Contract but that can be reasonably   inferred  from the Contract as being required for attaining 
Completion of the Facilities  as  if  such  work  and/or  items  and  materials  were  expressly mentioned 
in the Contract. 
 
7.3 In  addition  to  the  supply  of  Mandatory  Spare  Parts if asked and warranty spares  included  
in  the Contract, the Implementing Partner agrees to supply spare parts required for the operation and 
maintenance of the Facilities. However, the identity, specifications and quantities of such spare parts 
and the terms and conditions relating to the supply thereof are to be agreed between CESL and the 
Implementing Partner, and the price of such if asked spare parts shall be that given in Price Schedule 
which shall be added to the Contract Price. The price of such spare parts shall include the purchase 
price there for and other costs and expenses (including the Implementing Partner’s fees) relating to 
the supply of spare parts.  The prices of spares covered under the Price Schedule shall be kept valid 
for a period as specified in SCC. 
 
7.3.1 The Contractor / Implementing Partner agrees that the spare parts recommended by him for 3 
years operation and quoted in price Schedule shall be supplied by him at the same terms and 
conditions as are otherwise applicable to this Contract. Further, the Implementing Partner also 
agrees to supply spare parts required for the operation and maintenance of the Facilities as per 
provision of subsequent paragraphs of this Sub-Clause.  
 
7.3.1.1 All the spares for the equipment under the Contract will strictly conform to the Specification 
and other relevant documents and will be identical to the corresponding main equipment/components 
supplied under the Contract and shall be fully interchangeable. 
 
7.3.1.2 All the mandatory spares covered under the Contract shall be produced along with the main 
equipment as a continuous operation and the delivery of the spares will be effected along with the 
main equipment in a phased manner and the delivery would be completed by the respective dates for 
the various categories of equipment as per the agreed network. In case of recommended spares the 
above will be applicable provided the orders for the recommended spares have been placed with the 
Implementing Partner prior to commencement of manufacture of the main equipment.  
 
7.3.1.3 The Implementing Partner will provide CESL with the manufacturing drawings, catalogues, 
assembly drawings and any other document required by CESL so as to enable CESL to identify the 
recommended spares. Such details will be furnished to CESL as soon as they are prepared but in any 
case not later than six months prior to commencement of manufacture of the corresponding main 
equipment.  
 
7.3.1.4 To enable CESL to finalise the requirement of recommended spares which are ordered 
subsequent to placement of order for main equipment/plant, in addition to necessary technical details, 
catalogue and such other information brought-out herein above, the Implementing Partner will also 
provide a justification in support of reasonableness of the quoted prices of spares which will, inter-
alia, include documentary evidence that the prices quoted by the Implementing Partner to CESL are 
not higher than those charged by him from other customers in the same period.  
 
7.3.1.5 In addition to the spares recommended by the Implementing Partner, if CESL further identifies 
certain items of spares, the Implementing Partner will submit the prices and delivery quotation for 

--- Page 51 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 13 of 
55 
 
such spares within thirty (30) days of receipt of such request with a validity period of six (6) months 
for consideration by CESL and placement of order for additional spares if CESL so desires.  
 
7.3.1.6 The quality plan and the inspection requirement finalised for the main equipment will also be 
applicable to the corresponding spares.  
 
7.3.1.7 The Contractor or Implementing Partner will provide CESL with all the addresses and 
particulars of his sub-suppliers while placing the order on vendors for items/components/equipment 
covered under the Contract and will further ensure with his vendors that CESL, if so desires, will 
have the right to place order for spares directly on them on mutually agreed terms based on offers of 
such vendors.  
 
7.3.1.8 The Contractor or Implementing Partner shall guarantee the long term availability of spares 
to CESL for the full life of the equipment covered under the Con-tract. The Implementing Partner 
shall guarantee that before going out of production of spare parts of the equipment covered under the 
Contract, he shall give CESL at least 2 years advance notice so that the latter may order his bulk 
requirement of spares, if it so desires. The same provision will also be applicable to Sub-
Implementing Partners. Further, in case of discontinuance of manufacture of any spares by the 
Contractor and/or his Sub- Contractor or Implementing Partner, Implementing Partner will provide 
CESL, two years in advance, with full manufacturing drawings, material specification and technical 
information including information on alternative equivalent makes required by CESL for the purpose 
of manufacture/procurement of such items. 
 
7.3.1.9 The prices of all future requirements of item of spares beyond 3 years operational requirement 
will be derived from the corresponding ex-works price at which the order for such spares have been 
placed by CESL as a part of mandatory spares or recommended spares, or from the rates of mandatory 
spares or recommended spares as quoted by/ negotiated with the Implementing Partner. Ex-works 
order price of future spares shall be computed in accordance with the price adjustment provisions 
covered under the main Contract excepting that the base indices will be counted from the scheduled 
date of Commissioning of the last equipment under the main project and there will be no ceiling on 
the amount of variation in the prices. The above option for procuring future recommended spares by 
CESL shall remain valid for the period of 5 years from the date of Commissioning of the equipment.  
 
7.3.1.10 The Implementing Partner will indicate in advance the delivery period of the items of spares, 
which CESL may procure in accordance with above sub-clause. In case of emergency requirements 
of spares, the Con-tractor would make every effort to expedite the manufacture and delivery of such 
spares on the basis of mutually agreed time schedule.  
 
7.3.1.11 In case the Implementing Partner fails to supply the mandatory, recommended or long term 
spares in the terms stipulated above, CESL shall be entitled to purchase the same from the alternate 
sources at the risk and the cost of the Implementing Partner and recover from the Implementing 
Partner, the excess amount paid by CESL over the rates worked on the above basis. In the event of 
such risk purchase by CESL, the purchases will be as per the Works and Procurement Policy of CESL 
prevalent at the time of such purchases and CESL at his option may include a representative from the 
Implementing Partner in finalising the purchases.  
 
7.3.1.11 It is expressly understood that the final settlement between the par-ties in terms of relevant 
clauses of the Contract Documents shall not relieve the Implementing Partner of any of his obligations 
under the provision of long term availability of spares and such provisions shall continue to be 
enforced till the expiry of 5 years period reckoned from the scheduled date of Commissioning of the 

--- Page 52 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 14 of 
55 
 
Plant and Equipment unless other-wise discharged expressly in writing by CESL. Further, the 
provisions pertaining to long term availability of spares shall be ex-tended beyond 5 years 
applicability period mentioned hereinabove if so desired by CESL and at the mutually acceptable 
escalation formula.  
 
 
7.3.1.13 The Implementing Partner shall warrant that all spares supplied will be new and in 
accordance with the Contract Documents and will be free from de-fects in design, material and 
workmanship and shall further guarantee as under: 
 
(i) For 3 years operational spares (both mandatory and recommended) 
 
a) For any item of spares ordered or to be ordered by CESL for 3 years operational requirement 
of the plant which are manufactured as a continuous operation together with the 
corresponding main equipment/component, the Defect Liability Period will be twelve (12) 
months from the scheduled date of commercial operation of main equipment/ plant under the 
Contract. 'Commercial Operation' shall mean the conditions of operation in which the 
complete equipment covered under the Contract is officially declared by CESL to be 
available for continuous operation at different loads up to and including rated capacity. Such 
declaration by CESL, however, shall not relieve or prejudice the Implementing Partner any 
of his obligations under the Contract. In case of any failure in the original 
component/equipment’s due to faulty designs, materials and workmanship, the corresponding 
spare parts, if any, supplied will be replaced without any extra cost to CESL unless a joint 
examination and analysis by CESL and the Implementing Partner of such spare parts prove 
that the defect found in the original part that failed, can safely be assumed not to be present 
in spare parts. Such replaced spare parts will have the same Defect Liability as applicable to 
the replacement made for the defective original part/component provided that such 
replacement for the original equipment and the spare replaced are again manufactured 
together. The discarded spare parts will become the property of the Implementing Partner as 
soon as they have been replaced by the Implementing Partner.  
 
b) For the item of spares ordered or to be ordered by CESL for 3 years operational requirement 
of the plant, which with the written approval of CESL, are not manufactured as a continuous 
operation will be warranted for 7000 hrs of trouble free operation if used within a period of 
eighteen (18) months reckoned from the date of delivery at site. However, if such spare parts 
are put to use after eighteen (18) months of the delivery at Site then the guarantee of such 
spares will stand valid till the expiry of thirty six (36) months from the scheduled date of 
Commissioning of equipment/plant covered under the contract or 7000 hrs of trouble free 
operation after such spares are put in service, whichever is earlier. 
 
c) For long term requirement 
For item of spares that may be ordered by CESL to cover requirements beyond 3 years of 
Initial Operation of the plant, the warranty will be till the expiry of 7000 hrs of trouble free 
operation if used within a period of eighteen (18) months from the date of delivery at site. 
For item of spares that may be used after eighteen (18) months from the date of delivery at 
site, the warranty period will be 12 months from the date they are put to use or 7000 hrs of 
trouble free operation, whichever is earlier. In any case the defect liability of spares will 
expire at the end of forty eight (48) months from the date of their receipt at site.  
 
(ii) The Defect Liability of spares covered in para (b) & (c) above, that are not used within 18 months 

--- Page 53 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 15 of 
55 
 
from the respective date of the delivery at Site will, however, be subject to condition that all such 
spares being stored/maintained/preserved in accordance with Implementing Partner's standard 
recommended practice, if any, and the same has been furnished to CESL.  
 
8. Time for Commencement and Completion 
 
8.1 The Contractor or Implementing Partner shall commence work on the Facilities from the date of 
Notification of Award/Purchase Order/Notice to Proceed (NTP) and without prejudice  to  GCC  Sub-
Clause 26.2 hereof,  the Implementing Partner  shall  thereafter  proceed  with  the Facilities in accordance with the time schedule specified in Appendix 4 (Time Schedule) to the Contract Agreement or / and as 
mentioned in special conditions of contract. 
 
 
8.2 The Contractor or Implementing Partner shall attain  Completion  of  the  Facilities  (or  of  a  part where 
a separate time for Completion of such part is specified in the Contract) within the time stated in the SCC or within such extended time to which the Implementing Partner shall be entitled under GCC Clause 40 
(Extension  of Time for Completion) hereof. 
 
9. Contractor or Implementing Partner’s Responsibilities  
 
9.1 The Contractor or Implementing Partner shall design, manufacture (including associated purchases 
and/or   subcontracting),   install and complete the Facilities   with due care and diligence in accordance 
with the Contract. 
 
9.2 The Contractor or Implementing Partner  confirms  that  it  has  entered  into  this  Contract  on  the 
basis of a proper examination of the data relating to the Facilities (including any data as to boring tests) 
provided by CESL, and on the basis of information that the Contractor or Implementing Partner could 
have obtained from a visual inspection of the Site (if access thereto was available) and of other data readily 
available to it relating to the Facilities as at the date twenty-eight (28) days prior to bid submission.   The 
Implementing Partner acknowledges that any failure to acquaint itself with all such data and information 
shall not relieve its responsibility for properly estimating the difficulty or cost of successfully performing 
the Facilities. 
 
9.3 The Implementing Partner shall acquire in its name all permits, approvals and/or licenses from all 
local, state or national government authorities or public service undertakings in the country where the Site 
is located that are necessary for the performance of the Contract, including, without limitation, visas for 
the Contractor or Implementing Partner’s and Sub Contractor or Implementing Partner’s personnel and 
entry permits for all imported Implementing Partner’s Equipment. The Implementing Partner shall acquire 
all other permits, approvals and/or licenses that are not the responsibility of CESL under GCC Sub-Clause 
10.3 hereof and that are necessary for the performance of the Contract. 
 
9.4 The Implementing Partner shall comply with all laws in force in the country where the Facilities are 
installed and where the Installation Services are carried out.  The laws will include all national, provincial, municipal or other laws  that  affect  the  performance  of  the  Contract  and  bind  upon  the Implementing 
Partner.  The Implementing Partner shall indemnify and hold harmless CESL from and against any and 
all liabilities, damages, claims, fines, penalties and expenses of whatever nature arising or resulting from the violation of such laws by the Contractor or Implementing Partner or its personnel, including the 
Contractor or Sub Implementing Partners and their personnel, but without prejudice to GCC Sub Clause 
10.1 hereof. 
 
9.5 Any  Plant,  Material  and  Services  that  will  be  incorporated  in  or  be required for the Facilities 
and other supplies shall have their origin as specified under GCC Clause 3.13 (Country of Origin). 
 
10. CESL’s Responsibilities 

--- Page 54 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 16 of 
55 
 
 
10.1 CESL shall ensure the accuracy of  all information and/or data to be  supplied  by  the  CESL  as  described  in  Appendix  6  (Scope  of Works  and  Supply  by  the  CESL)  to  the  Contract,  except  when 
otherwise expressly stated in the Contract. 
 
10.2 CESL shall be responsible for acquiring and providing legal and physical possession of the Site and 
access thereto, and for   providing possession of and access to all other areas reasonably required for the proper execution of the Contract, including all requisite rights of way, as specified in Appendix 6 (Scope 
of Works and Supply by CESL)to the Contract Agreement.  CESL shall give full possession of and accord 
all rights of access thereto on or before the date(s) specified in Appendix 6. 
 
10.3 The  CESL  shall  acquire  and  pay  for  all  permits,  approvals  and/or licenses  from all local, state or national government authorities or public service undertakings in the country where the Site is located which such authorities or undertakings require CESL to obtain them in CESL’s name, are necessary for the execution of the Contract (they include those required for the performance by both the Implementing 
Partner and CESL of their respective obligations under the Contract), including those specified in 
Appendix 6 (Scope of Works and Supply by CESL) to the Contract Agreement. 
 
10.4 If requested by the Implementing Partner, CESL shall use its best endeavours  to  assist  the  Implementing Partner  in  obtaining  in  a  timely  and  expeditious manner all permits, approvals and/or  licenses necessary for the execution of the Contract from all local, state or national government authorities 
or public service undertakings that such authorities or undertakings require the Contractor or Implementing Partner or Subcontractor or Implementing Partners or the personnel of the Contractor or 
Implementing Partner  or Sub Contractor or Implementing Partners, as the case may be, to obtain.  
10.5 Unless otherwise specified in the Contract or agreed upon by CESL and the Implementing Partner, CESL shall provide sufficient, properly qualified operating and maintenance personnel; shall supply and 
make available  all  raw  materials,  utilities,  lubricants,  chemicals,  catalysts other materials and facilities 
; and shall perform all work and services of whatsoever  nature, to  enable  the  Implementing Partner  to 
properly  carry out Pre commissioning,  Commissioning and Guarantee Tests, all in accordance with the 
provisions of Appendix 6 (Scope of  Works and  Supply by  the  CESL)  to  the  Contract  Agreement  at  
or  before  the  time specified in the program furnished  by  the Contractor or Implementing Partner  under 
GCC Sub- Clause 18.2 (Program of Performance) hereof and in the manner there-upon specified or as 
otherwise agreed upon by CESL and the Contractor or Implementing Partner.   
 
10.6 The  CESL  shall  be  responsible  for  the  continued  operation  of  the Facilities after Completion, in 
accordance with GCC Sub-Clause 24.8, and  shall  be  responsible  for  facilitating  the  Guarantee  Test(s)  for  the Facilities, in accordance with GCC Sub-Clause 25.2. 
 
10.7 All costs and expenses involved in the performance of the obligations under this GCC Clause 
10 shall be the responsibility of CESL save those to be incurred by the Implementing Partner with respect 
to the performance of Guarantee Tests, in accordance with GCC Sub-Clause 25.2. 
 
C. Payment 
 
11. Contract Price 
 
11.1 The Contract Price shall be as specified in Article 2 (Contract Price and Terms of Payment) of the 
Form of Contract Agreement. 
 
11.2 The Contract Price shall be adjusted in accordance with provisions of Appendix-2 (Price Adjustment) to the Contract Agreement, if applicable. It will be mentioned in SCC.  11.3 Subject to GCC Sub-Clauses 9.2, 10.1 and 35 (Unforeseen Conditions) hereof, the Implementing 
Partner shall be deemed to have satisfied itself as to the hereof, correctness and sufficiency of the Contract 

--- Page 55 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 17 of 
55 
 
Price, which shall, expect as otherwise provided for in the Contract, cover all its obligations under the 
Contract. 
 
 
12. Terms of Payment 
 
12.1 The Contract price shall be paid as specified in Appendix 1 (Terms and Procedures of Payment) to 
the Contract Agreement. The procedures to be followed in making application for and processing 
payments shall be those outlined in the same Appendix 1.   
 
12.2 No payment made by CESL herein shall be deemed to constitute acceptance by CESL of the Facilities 
or any part(s) thereof. 
 
12.3 The currency or currencies in which payments are made to the Implementing Partner under  this  Contract  shall  be  specified  in  Appendix  1  (Terms  and Procedures  of  Payment)  to  the  Contract  
Agreement,  subject  to  the general principle that payments will be made in the currency or currencies in 
which the Contract Price has been stated in the Contract. 
 
13. Securities 
 
13.1 Issuance of Securities 
The Implementing Partner shall provide the securities specified below in favour of CESL at the times, and 
in the amount, manner and form specified below. 
 
13.2 Advance Payment Security 
 
13.2.1 The Implementing Partner shall, within twenty-eight (28) days of the notification of contract 
award, provide a security in an amount equalto the advance payment calculated in accordance with 
Appendix 1 (Terms and Procedures of Payment) to the Contract Agreement, and in the currency or 
currencies of the contract, with ainitial validity of up to ninety (90) days beyond the schedule date of 
Completion of the Facilities in accordance with GCC Clause24.  However, in case of delay in completion 
of facilities under the package, the validity of the security shall be extended by the period of such delay. 
 
13.2.2 The security shall be in the form of an unconditional bank guarantee as per the proforma provided 
in Section VII (Forms and Procedures)- Form of Advance Payment Security. The Advance payment Security shall be reduced prorate every three (3) months after First Running Account Bill/Stage Payment 
under the Contract based on the value of  equipment/facilities  received.  The cumulative amount of 
reduction at any point of time shall not exceed seventy five percent (75%) of the advance corresponding 
to cumulative value of the respective equipment Facilities supplied and received  as  per  a  certificate  issued  by  the  Project Manager and the balance of 25% released after ninety (90) days beyond the 
Completion of those Facilities. It should be clearly understood that reduction in the value of security for 
advance shall not  in  any  way  dilute  the  Implementing Partner's  responsibility  and liabilities under the 
Contract including in respect of the Facilities for which the reduction in the value of security is allowed. 
 
13.3 Contract Performance Security 
 
13.3.1 The Implementing Partner shall, within twenty-eight (28) days of the Notification of Award, provide securities for the due performance of the Contract between three to ten percent (3% to 10%) of the Contract Price of all the Contracts, with a initial validity upto ninety (90) days beyond the end of scheduled Defect Liability Period of the last equipment covered under the package.  If CESL accepts to enters into 'Second Contract' and/or 'Third Contract' with the Assignee of a foreign Implementing Partner, pursuant to GCC Sub-
Clause 3.6, the said Assignee, in addition to the Contract Performance Securities to be provided by the 
foreign Implementing Partner between three to ten percent (3% to 10%) of the value of all the Contracts i.e. 

--- Page 56 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 18 of 
55 
 
First Contract, Second Contract and Third Contract, shall provide within twenty-eight (28) days of the 
Notification of Award, separate Contract Performance Security(ies) equivalent to between three to ten percent (3% to 10%) of the value of Contract(s) entered into with the Assignee, for the due performance of 
Contract, with a intial validity up to ninety (90) days beyond the end of Scheduled Defect Liability period 
of the last equipment covered under the package. However, in case of delay in completion of the defect 
liability period, the validity of all the contract performance securities shall be extended by the period of 
such delay. 
The actual value of Contract Performance Guarantee (CPG) will be as defined in Section-4 (SCC). 
 
13.3.2 The performance security shall be denominated in the currency or currencies  of   the Contract, or in 
a freely convertible currency acceptable to CESL, and shall be in the form of unconditional bank guarantee provided in Section-VI (Forms and Procedures)-Form of Performance Security of the bidding documents.  
13.3.3 Unless otherwise stipulated in SCC, the security shall be reduced pro rata to the Contract Price of a part of the Facilities for which a separate time for Completion is provided, twenty one (21) months after Completion of the Facilities or where relevant part thereof, or fifteen (15) months after Operational Acceptance of the Facilities (or the relevant part thereof), whichever occurs first; provided, however, that if the Defects Liability Period has been extended on any  part  of  the  Facilities  pursuant  to  GCC  Sub-Clause  27.8 hereof, the Implementing Partner shall issue an additional   security in an amount  proportionate  to  the  Contract  Price  of  that  part.  The security shall be returned to  the  Implementing Partner  immediately after its expiration, provided,  however, that if the Implementing Partner, pursuant to GCC Sub-Clause 27.10, is liable for an extended warranty obligation, the performance security shall be extended for the period and up to the amount agreed upon or as specified in the SCC. 
14. Taxes and Duties 
 
i. “Goods and Services Tax” or “GST” means taxes or cess levied under the Central Goods and 
Services Tax Act, Integrated Goods and Services Tax Act, Goods and Services Tax 
(Compensation to States) Act and various State/Union Territory Goods and Services Tax Laws 
and applicable cesses, if any under the laws in force (hereinafter referred to as relevant GST 
Laws), which shall be fully complied with by the Bidder. 
ii. The Bidder shall quote the prices giving breakup in the manner specified in the Price Schedule. 
The Bidder shall quote the applicable rate of GST in the Price Schedule. 
iii. For the purpose of Evaluation, GST quoted in the Bid shall only    be considered. 
iv. The Bidder shall indicate the taxes and duties as applicable  seven (7) days prior to last 
date of Bid Submission. 
v. The Bidder is required to quote the rate of GST applicable  under GST Law in the Price Schedule 
while giving the breakup of prices. 
vi. In case GST registered Bidder has quoted GST rate as ‘0’ (Zero), the quoted price shall be 
considered to be inclusive of GST as applicable. 
vii. In case of bid received from dealers who have opted for the composition scheme under GST 
Law, the Bidder shall specifically mention the same in his Bid. CESL shall not be liable to 
pay/reimburse any GST on the supplies made by such dealers under the Order/Contract. 
viii. In case of bid received from unregistered dealer, for evaluation their bid shall be cost 
compensated as per the GST rate applicable in view of Reverse Charge Mechanism (RCM) 
as per GST Law. 
ix. In case of all materials identified by the Supplier and CESL   to be dispatched directly from the 
sub-vendor's work to CESL's site, the Supplier shall ensure that his sub-vendors raise Tax 
invoices as per the provisions of GST Law, billed tothe Supplier and shipped to CESL’s site. 
The Supplier shall further ensure that he raises his corresponding Tax Invoices in the name of 
CESL during transit of the materials before the delivery of materials is taken by CESL. 
x. For items not covered under GST, the Bidder is required to quote Excise Duty / VAT / CST as 
applicable in the Price Schedule while giving the breakup of prices. 

--- Page 57 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 19 of 
55 
 
xi. Notwithstanding anything to contrary contained in the Purchase Order / Contract, the 
implementing partner right to payment under the    Order / Contract is subject to issuance of valid 
tax invoice/bill of supply as the case may be, payment of applicable GST to the credit of 
appropriate Government and submission of valid particulars of tax invoice under GST returns 
in accordance with GST Law. 
xii. CESL shall deduct GST at source at the applicable rates in case transactions under the Order / 
Contract are liable to GST deduction at source. 
xiii. Unless expressly stated otherwise, a common mechanism for reconciliation of input credit 
mismatch, to be followed by both CESL and the implementing partner, shall be mutually agreed 
so that both parties follow the same procedure for disclosing the transactions in their respective 
returns. Notwithstanding anything in the Order / Contract, penalty / damages shall be recovered 
in case the implementing partner makes a default in following the agreed procedure. 
xiv. The implications of GST on return of goods will be as per the provisions of the relevant GST 
Laws. 
xv. The implementing partner shall issue tax invoices/bill of supply as applicable, file appropriate 
returns, and deposit the applicable GST to the account of appropriate government within the 
time limit prescribed under the GST Law. In the event of any default, Supplier shall be liable to 
pay the amount which may be imposed on CESL due to such default. 
xvi. The implementing partner should comply with the provisions of e-way bill notified by 
appropriate authorities from time to time. The existing provisions regarding road permit will 
continue till such time if applicable. 
xvii. CESL shall make necessary tax deductions under Income Tax Act or any other laws, if 
applicable. 
xviii. Provisions of GST law in respect of Related Persons/Parties may appropriately be taken into 
consideration by Bidders while submitting the bid. 
xix. If any rates of tax are increased or decreased, a new tax is introduced, an existing tax is 
abolished, or any change in interpretation or application of any tax occurs in the course of the 
performance of Oder / Contract, which was or will be assessed on the Supplier in connection 
with performance of the Oder/Contract, an equitable adjustment shall be made to take into 
account any such change. 
xx. The payment / reimbursement of statutory variations in   the rates of tax and/or of new tax, duty 
or levy imposed under statute or law in India as above would be restricted only to direct 
transactions between CESL and the Bidder. 
 14.1 Except as otherwise specifically provided in the SCC, the Implementing Partner shall bear and pay all 
taxes, duties, levies and charges assessed on the Implementing Partner, its Sub Implementing Partners or 
their employees by all municipal, state or national government authorities in connection with the Facilities 
in and outside of the country where the Site is located. 
 
 
14.4 For the purpose of the Contract, it is agreed that the Contract Price specified in Article 2 (Contract 
Price and Terms of Payment) of the Contract Agreement is based on the taxes, duties, levies and charges 
prevailing at the date seven (7) days prior to the last date of bid submission in the country where the Site 
is located (hereinafter called “Tax” in this GCC Sub-Clause 14.4). If any rates of Tax are increased or de-
creased, a new Tax is introduced, an existing Tax is abolished, or any change in interpretation or 
application of any Tax occurs in the course of the performance of Contract, which was or will be assessed 
on the Implementing Partner in connection with performance of the Contract, an equitable adjustment of 
the Contract Price shall be made to fully take into account any such change by addition to the Contract 
Price or deduction there-from, as the case may be, in accordance with GCC Clause 36 (Change in Laws 
and Regulations) hereof. However, these adjustments would be restricted to direct transactions between 
CESL and the Contractor/assignee of Foreign Implementing Partner (if applicable). These adjustments 
shall not be applicable on procurement of raw materials, intermediary components etc. by the 
Implementing Partner/assignee and also not applicable on the bought out items despatched directly from 
sub-vendor’s works to site.  

--- Page 58 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 20 of 
55 
 
 
D. Intellectual Property 
 
15. Copyright 
 
15.1The copyright in all drawings, documents and other materials containing data and information furnished to CESL by the Implementing Partner here in shall remain  vested  in  the  Implementing Partner  or,  if  they  are  furnished  to  CESL directly or through the Implementing Partner by any third party, including suppliers of materials, the copyright in such materials shall remain vested in such third party. 
CESL shall however be free to reproduce all drawings, documents and other material furnished to CESL 
for 
the purpose of the contract including, if required, for operation and maintenance of the facilities. 
 
16. Confidential Information  
 
16.1 CESL and the Implementing Partner shall keep confidential and shall not, without the written consent of the other party hereto, divulge to any third party  any  documents,  data  or  other  information  furnished  directly  or indirectly  by  the  other  party  hereto  in  connection  with  the  Contract, whether such information has been furnished  prior to, during or following termination of the Contract. Notwithstanding 
the above, the Contractor or Implementing Partner may  furnish  to  its  Sub Contractor or Implementing Partner(s)  such  documents,  data  and  other information it receives from CESL to the extent required for 
the Sub Contractor or Implementing Partner(s) to perform its work under the Contract, in which event 
the Implementing Partner shall obtain from such Sub-Contractor or Implementing Partner(s) an undertaking of confidentiality similar to that imposed on the Implementing Partner under this GCC Clause16. 
 
16.2 CESL shall not use such documents, data and other information received from the Implementing 
Partner for any purpose other than the operation and maintenance of the Facilities.   Similarly, the   
Implementing Partner shall not use such documents, data and other information received from CESL for 
any purpose other than the design,  procurement  of  Plant and  Equipment,  construction  or  such  other  work  and  services  as  are required for the performance of the Contract. 
 
16.3 The obligation of a party under GCC Sub-Clauses 16.1 and 16.2 above, however, shall not apply to 
that information which 
 
(a) now or hereafter enters the public domain through no fault of that party. 
 
(b) can be proven to have been possessed by that party at the time of disclosure and which was not previously obtained, directly or indirectly, from the other party hereto 
 
(c) Otherwise lawfully becomes available to that party from a third party that has no obligation of 
confidentiality.  
 
16.4 The above provisions of this GCC Clause 16 shall not in any way modify any undertaking of 
confidentiality given by either of the parties hereto prior to the date of the Contract in respect of the 
Facilities or any part thereof.  
 
16.5 The provisions of this GCC Clause 16 shall survive termination, for what-ever reason, of the 
Contract.  
 
E. Work Execution 
 
17. Representatives 

--- Page 59 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 21 of 
55 
 
 
17.1 Project Manager 
 
If the Project Manager is not named in the Contract, then within fourteen (14) days of the Effective Date, 
CESL shall appoint and notify the Implementing Partner in writing of the name of the Project Manager. 
CESL may from time to time appoint some other person as the Project Manager in place of the person 
previously so appointed, and shall give a notice of the name of such other person to the Implementing 
Partner without delay. CESL shall take reasonable care to see that no such appointment is made at such a 
time or in such a manner as to impede the progress of work on the Facilities. The Project Manager shall 
represent and act for CESL at all times during the currency of the Contract. All notices, instructions, 
orders, certificates, approvals and all other communications under the Contract shall be given by the 
Project Manager, except as herein otherwise provided. 
 
All notices, instructions, information and other communications given by the Implementing Partner to 
CESL under the Contract shall be given to the Project Manager, except as herein otherwise provided. 
 
17.2 Contractor’s representative & Construction Manager 
 
17.2.1 If the Implementing Partner’s Representative is not named in the Contract, then within fourteen 
(14) days of the Effective Date, the Implementing Partner shall appoint the Implementing Partner’s 
Representative and shall request CESL in writing to approve the person so appointed. If CESL makes no 
objection to the appointment within fourteen (14) days, the Implementing Partner’s Representative shall 
be deemed to have been approved. If CESL objects to the appointment within fourteen (14) days giving 
the reason therefor, then the Implementing Partner shall appoint a replacement within fourteen (14) days 
of such objection, and the foregoing provisions of this GCC Sub-Clause 17.2.1 shall apply thereto. 
 
17.2.2 The Implementing Partner’s Representative shall represent and act for the Implementing Partner 
at all times during the currency of the Contract and shall give to the Project Manager all the 
Implementing Partner’s notices, instructions, information and all other communications under the 
Contract. 
 
All notices, instructions, information and all other communications given by CESL or the Project Manager 
to the Implementing Partner under the Contract shall be given to the Implementing Partner’s 
Representative or, in its absence, its deputy, except as herein otherwise provided. 
 
The Implementing Partner shall not revoke the appointment of the Implementing Partner’s Representative 
without CESL’s prior written con-sent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. If CESL consents 
thereto, the Implementing Partner shall appoint some other per-son as the Implementing Partner’s 
Representative, pursuant to the procedure set out in GCC Sub-Clause 17.2.1 
 
17.2.3 The Implementing Partner’s Representative may, subject to the approval of CESL (which shall not 
be unreasonably withheld), at any time delegate to any person any of the powers, functions and authorities 
vested in him or her. Any such delegation may be revoked at any time. Any such delegation or revocation 
shall be subject to a prior notice signed by the Implementing Partner’s Representative, and shall specify 
the powers, functions and authorities thereby delegated or revoked. No such delegation or revocation shall 
take effect unless and until a copy thereof has been delivered to CESL and the Project Manager. 
 
Any act or exercise by any person of powers, functions and authorities so delegated to him or her in 
accordance with this GCC Sub-Clause 17.2.3 shall be deemed to be an act or exercise by the Implementing 
Partner’s Representative. 

--- Page 60 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 22 of 
55 
 
 
17.2.3.1 Notwithstanding anything stated in GCC Sub-clause 17.1 and 17.2.1 above, for the purpose of 
execution of contract, CESL and the Implementing Partner shall finalise and agree to a Contract Co-
ordination Procedure and all the communication under the Contract shall be in accordance with such 
Contract Co-ordination Procedure. 
 
17.2.4 From the commencement of installation of the Facilities at the Site until Operational Acceptance, 
the Implementing Partner’s Representative shall appoint a suitable person as the construction manager 
(hereinafter referred to as “the Construction Manager”). The Construction Manager shall supervise all 
work done at the Site by the Implementing Partner and shall be present at the Site throughout normal 
working hours except when on leave, sick or absent for reasons connected with the proper performance of 
the Contract. When-ever the Construction Manager is absent from the Site, a suitable person shall be 
appointed to act as his or her deputy.  
 
17.2.5 CESL may by notice to the Implementing Partner object to any representative or person employed 
by the Implementing Partner in the ex-ecution of the Contract who, in the reasonable opinion of CESL, 
may behave inappropriately, may be incompetent or negligent, or may commit a serious breach of the Site 
regulations provided under GCC Sub-Clause 22.3. CESL shall provide evidence of the same, whereupon 
the Implementing Partner shall remove such person from the Facilities.  
 
17.2.6 If any representative or person employed by the Implementing Partner is removed in accordance 
with GCC Sub-Clause 17.2.5, the Con-tractor shall, where required, promptly appoint a replacement.  
 
18. Work Program 
 
18.1 Contractor or Implementing Partner’s Organization 
The Implementing Partner shall supply to CESL and the Project Manager a chart showing the proposed 
organization to be established by the Implementing Partner for carrying out work on the Facilities. The chart shall include the identities of the key personnel together with the curricula vitae of such key personnel to be employed within twenty-one (21) days of the Effective Date.   The Implementing Partner 
shall promptly inform CESL and the Project Manager in writing of any revision or alteration of such an organization chart. 
 
18.2 Program of Performance 
Within  twenty-eight (28)  days after the date of notification of award of Contract, the Implementing Partner shall prepare and submit to the Project Manager a detailed program of performance of the Contract, made in the form of PERT Network and showing the sequence in which it proposes to design, manufacture, 
transport, assemble, install and pre-commission the Facilities,  as  well  as  the  date  by  which  the  Implementing Partner  reasonably  requires  that  the  CESL  shall  have  fulfilled  its  obligations  under  the Contract  so  as  to  enable  the  Implementing Partner  to  execute  the  Contract  in accordance  with  the  program  and  to  achieve  Completion  and  Acceptance of the Facilities in accordance with the Contract.  The program so submitted by  the  Implementing Partner  shall  accord  with  the  Time  Schedule  included in 
Appendix 4 (Time Schedule) to the Contract Agreement and any other dates and periods specified in the 
Contract.   The Implementing Partner shall update and revise the program as and when   appropriate or when required by the Project Manager, but without modification in the Times for Completion given in the 
SCC and any extension granted in accordance with GCC Clause 40, and shall submit all such revisions to 
the Project Manager. 
 
18.3 Progress Report 
The Contractor or Implementing Partner  shall  monitor progress of all the activities specified in the 
program referred to in GCC Sub-Clause 18.2 (Program of Performance)  above,  and  supply  a  progress  report  to  the  Project Manager every month. 

--- Page 61 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 23 of 
55 
 
 
The progress report shall be in a form acceptable to the Project Manager and shall also indicate: (a) 
percentage completion achieved compared with the planned percentage completion for each activity; and 
(b) where any activity is behind the program, giving comments and likely consequences and stating the 
corrective action being taken. 
 
18.4 Progress of Performance  
 If at any time the Implementing Partner’s actual progress falls behind the program referred to in GCC 
Sub-Clause 18.2 (Program of Performance), or it becomes apparent that it will so fall behind, the 
Implementing Partner shall, at the request of CESL or the Project Manager, prepare and submit to the 
Project Manager a revised program, taking into account the prevailing circumstances, and shall notify the 
Project Manager of the steps being taken to expedite progress so as to attain Completion of the Facilities 
within the Time for Completion under GCC Sub-Clause 8.2 (Time for Commencement and Completion), 
any extension thereof entitled under GCC Sub-Clause 40.1 (Extension of Time for Completion), or any 
ex-tended period as may otherwise be agreed upon between CESL and the Implementing Partner.  
 
18.5 Work Procedures  
The Contract shall be executed in accordance with the Contract Documents and the procedures given in 
the section on Forms and Procedures of the Contract Documents.  
 
If agreed between CESL and the Implementing Partner, the Implementing Partner may execute the Contract 
in accordance with its own standard project execution plans and procedures to the extent that they do not 
conflict with the provisions contained in the Contract. 
 
18.6 Maintenance of Records of Weekly Progress Review meeting at Site 
 
The Contractor shall be required to attend all weekly site progress review meetings organised by the 
'Project Manager' or his authorised representative. The deliberations in the meetings shall inter alia include 
the weekly program, progress of work (including details of manpower, tools & plants deployed by the 
Contractor vis-a-vis agreed schedule), inputs to be provided by CESL, delays, if any and recovery 
program, specific hindrances to work and work instructions by CESL. The minutes of the weekly meetings 
shall be recorded in triplicate in a numbered register available with the Project Manager or his authorised 
representative. These representative and the Contractor and one copy of the signed records  shall  be 
handed over to the Contractor. 
 
19. Subcontracting 
19.1 Appendix 5 (List of Approved Sub Implementing Partners) to the Contract Agreement specifies major 
items of supply or services and a list of approved Sub-Implementing Partners against each item, including vendors.  Insofar as no Sub Implementing Partners are listed against any such item, the Implementing Partner shall prepare a list  of  Sub Implementing Partners  for  such  item  for  inclusion  in  such  list. The 
Implementing Partner   may from  time  to  time  propose  any  addition to  or  deletion from  any  such  list. The Implementing Partner shall submit any such list or any modification thereto to CESL for its approval in sufficient time so as not to impede the progress of work on the Facilities.  Such approval by   the  CESL  for  any  of  the  Sub Implementing Partners  shall  not  relieve  the Implementing Partner from any of its obligations, duties or responsibilities under the Contract.  
19.2 The Implementing Partner shall select and employ its Sub Implementing Partners for such major 
items from those listed in the lists referred to in GCC Sub-Clause 19.1.  
 
19.3 For items or parts of the Facilities not specified in Appendix 5 (List of Approved Sub Implementing 

--- Page 62 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 24 of 
55 
 
Partners) to the Contract Agreement, the Implementing Partner may employ such Sub Implementing 
Partners as it may select, at its discretion.  
 
20. Design and Engineering 
 
20.1 Specifications and Drawings 
 
20.1.1 The Implementing Partner shall execute the basic and detailed design and the engineering work in 
compliance with the provisions of the Contract, or where not so specified, in accordance with good 
engineering practice. 
 
The Implementing Partner shall be responsible for any discrepancies, errors or omissions in the 
specifications, drawings and other technical documents that it has prepared, whether such specifications, drawings and other documents have been approved by the Project Manager or not, provided that   such   
discrepancies, errors or omissions are not because of inaccurate information furnished in writing to the 
Implementing Partner by or on behalf of CESL. 
 
20.1.2 The  Implementing Partner  shall  be  entitled  to  disclaim  responsibility  for any  design, data, 
drawing, specification or other document,  or any  modification thereof provided or designated by or on 
behalf of  the  CESL,  by  giving  a  notice  of  such  disclaimer  to  the Project Manager. 
 
20.2 Codes and Standards 
Wherever   references are made in the Contract to codes and standards in  accordance  with  which the 
Contract shall be executed, the edition or the revised version of such codes and standards current at the 
date twenty-eight (28) days prior to date of bid submission shall apply unless otherwise specified.   During 
Contract execution, any changes in such codes and standards shall be applied after approval by CESL and 
shall be treated in accordance with GCC Clause 39 (Changes Originating from Implementing Partner). 
 
20.3 Approval/Review of Technical Documents by Project Manager, where ever applicable 
 
20.3.1 The   Implementing Partner  shall  prepare  (or  cause  its  Sub-Implementing Partners  to prepare) and furnish to the Project Manager the documents listed in Appendix 7 (List of Documents for Approval or 
Review) to the Contract Agreement for its approval or review as specified and as in accordance with the 
requirements of GCC Sub-Clause 18.2(Program of Performance). 
 
Any part of the Facilities covered by or related to the documents to be approved by the Project Manager 
shall be executed only after the Project Manager’s approval thereof. 
 
GCC Sub-Clauses 20.3.2 through 20.3.7 shall apply to those documents requiring the Project Manager’s 
approval, but not to those furnished to the Project Manager for its review only. 
 
20.3.2 Within twenty one (21) days after receipt by the Project Manager of any document   requiring   the Project Manager’s approval in accordance with GCC Sub-Clause 20.3.1, the Project Manager shall either 
return one copy thereof to the Implementing Partner with its approval endorsed thereon or shall notify the 
Implementing Partner in writing of its disapproval thereof and the reasons therefor and the modifications 
that the Project Manager proposes. 
 
20.3.3 The Project Manager shall not disapprove any document, except on the grounds that the document 
does not comply with some specified provision of the Contract or that it is contrary to good engineering 
practice.  
 
20.3.4 If the Project Manager disapproves the document, the Implementing Partner shall modify the 

--- Page 63 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 25 of 
55 
 
document and resubmit it for the Project Manager’s approval in accordance with GCC Sub-Clause 20.3.2. 
If the Project Manager approves the document subject to modification(s), the Implementing Partner shall 
make the required modification(s), and upon resubmission with the required modifications the document 
shall be deemed to have been approved.  
 
The procedure for submission of the documents by the Implementing Partner and their approval by the 
Project Manager shall be discussed and finalised with the Implementing Partner.  
 
20.3.5 If any dispute or difference occurs between CESL and the Implementing Partner in connection with 
or arising out of the disapproval by the Project Manager of any document and/or any modification(s) 
thereto that cannot be settled between the parties within a reasonable period, then such dispute or 
difference may be referred to an Adjudicator for determination in accordance with GCC Sub-Clause 6.1 
(Adjudicator) hereof. If such dispute or difference is referred to an Adjudicator, the Project Manager shall 
give instructions as to whether and if so, how, performance of the Contract is to proceed. The 
Implementing Partner shall proceed with the Contract in accordance with the Project Manager’s 
instructions, provided that if the Adjudicator upholds the Implementing Partner’s view on the dispute and 
if CESL has not given notice under GCC Sub-Clause 6.1.2 hereof, then the Implementing Partner shall be 
reimbursed by CESL for any additional costs incurred by reason of such instructions and shall be relieved 
of such responsibility or liability in connection with the dispute and the execution of the instructions as 
the Adjudicator shall decide, and the Time for Completion shall be extended accordingly.  
 
20.3.6 The Project Manager’s approval, with or without modification of the document furnished by the 
Implementing Partner, shall not relieve the Implementing Partner of any responsibility or liability imposed 
upon it by any provisions of the Contract except to the extent that any subsequent failure results from 
modifications required by the Project Manager.  
 
20.3.7 The Implementing Partner shall not depart from any approved document unless the Implementing 
Partner has first submitted to the Project Manage ran amended document and obtained the Project 
Manager’s approval thereof, pursuant to the provisions of this GCC Sub-Clause 20.3. 
 
If  the  Project  Manager  requests  any  change  in  any  already approved document and/or in any document 
based thereon, the provisions  of  GCC  Clause  39  (Change  in  the  Facilities)  shall apply to such request. 
 
 
21. Procurement 
 
21.1 Plant and Equipment 
Subject to GCC Sub-Clause 14.2, the Implementing Partner shall manufacture or procure and transport all 
the Plant and Equipment in an expeditious and orderly manner to the Site. 
 
21.2 CESL-Supplied Plant, Equipment, and Materials 
If  Appendix  6  (Scope  of  Works  and  Supply  by  the  CESL)  to  the Contract Agreement provides that CESL shall furnish any specific items of machinery, equipment or materials to the Implementing Partner, the following provisions shall apply: 
 
 21.2.1 CESL shall, at its own risk and expense, transport each item to  the  place  on  or  near  the  Site  as  agreed  upon  by  the parties and make such item available to the Implementing Partner at the time  specified  
in  the  program  furnished  by  the  Implementing Partner, pursuant to GCC Sub-Clause 18.2 (Program of 
Performance),unless otherwise mutually agreed. 
 
21.2.2 Upon receipt of such item, the Implementing Partner shall inspect the same visually and notify the Project Manager of any detected shortage, defect or default.  CESL shall immediately remedy any 

--- Page 64 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 26 of 
55 
 
shortage, defect or default, or the Implementing Partner shall, if practicable and possible, at the request of 
CESL, remedy such shortage, defect or default at CESL’s cost and expense. After inspection, such item 
shall fall under the care, custody and control of the Implementing Partner.    The provision of this GCC Sub-Clause21.2.2 shall apply to any item supplied to remedy any such shortage or default or to substitute for any defective item, or shall apply to defective items that have been repaired 
here onwards. 
 
21.2.3 CESL shall have no liability for any shortage, defect or default, for which implementing partner shall be liable. For any such shortage, defect or default whether under GCC Clause 27 (Defect Liability) or under any other provision of Contract, implementing partner shall be held liable. 
 
21.3 Transportation 
 
21.3.1 The Implementing Partner shall at its own risk and expense transport all the Plant and Equipment 
and the Implementing Partner’s Equipment to the Site by the mode of transport that the Implementing 
Partner judges most suitable under all the circumstances. 
 
Packing Material 
The Contractor shall ensure that all the plant and equipment are suitably packed and protected to prevent 
damage or deterioration during its transportation to site, handling and storage at site till the time of its 
installation. The ownership of all such packing material (except empty shipper's containers on which the 
customs duty has been paid by the Contractor) shall stand transferred  to  the  CESL upon dispatch of the 
plant and equipment and endorsement of dispatch documents in favour of CESL. 
 
21.3.2 Unless otherwise provided in the Contract, the Implementing Partner shall be entitled to select any 
safe mode of transport operated by any person to carry the Plant and Equipment and the Implementing 
Partner’s Equipment. 
 
21.3.3 Upon despatch of each shipment of the Plant and Equipment and the Implementing Partner’s 
Equipment, the Implementing Partner shall notify CESL by telex, cable, facsimile or Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) of the description of the Plant and Equipment and of the Implementing Partner’s 
Equipment, the point and means of dispatch, and the estimated time and point of arrival in the country 
where the Site is located, if applicable, and at the Site. The Implementing Partner shall furnish CESL with relevant shipping documents to be agreed upon between the parties. 
 
21.3.4 The Implementing Partner shall be responsible for obtaining, if necessary, approvals from the authorities for transportation of the Plant and Equipment and the Implementing Partner’s Equipment to the Site. CESL shall use its best endeavours in a timely and expeditious manner to assist the Implementing 
Partner in obtaining such approvals, if requested by the Implementing Partner.  The Implementing Partner shall indemnify and hold harmless CESL from and against any claim for damage to roads, bridges or any 
other traffic facilities that may be caused by the transport of the Plant and Equipment and the 
Implementing Partner’s Equipment to the Site. 
 
 
21.4 Customs Clearance 
The Implementing Partner shall, at its own expense, handle all imported Plant and Equipment  and  Implementing Partner’s  Equipment  at  the  point(s)  of  import  and shall  handle  any  formalities  for  
customs  clearance, subject to CESL’s  obligations  under  GCC  Sub-Clause  14.2,  provided that if 
applicable laws or regulations require any application or act to be made by or in the name of CESL, CESL 

--- Page 65 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 27 of 
55 
 
shall take all necessary steps to comply with such laws or regulations.  In the event of delays in customs 
clearance due to fault of CESL, the Implementing Partner shall be entitled to an extension in the Time 
for Completion, pursuant to GCC Clause 40. 
 
22. Installation 
 
22.1 Setting Out/Supervision/Labour 
 
22.1.1 Bench Mark: The Implementing Partner shall be responsible for the true and proper setting-out of 
the Facilities in relation to bench marks, reference marks and lines provided to it in writing by or on 
behalf of CESL.  
If, at any time during the progress of installation of the Facilities, any error shall appear in the position, 
level or alignment of the Facilities, the Implementing Partner shall forthwith notify the Project Manager 
of such error and, at its own expense, immediately rectify such error to the reasonable satisfaction of the 
Project Manager. If such error is based on incorrect data provided in writing by or on behalf of CESL, the 
expense of rectifying the same shall be borne by CESL. 
 
22.1.2 Implementing Partner’s Supervision: The Implementing Partner shall give or provide all necessary 
superintendence during the installation of the Facilities, and the Construction Manager or its deputy shall 
be constantly on the Site to provide full-time superintendence of the installation. The Implementing 
Partner shall provide and employ only technical personnel who are skilled and experienced in their 
respective callings and supervisory staff who are competent to adequately supervise the work at hand.  
 
22.1.3 Labour:  
 
(a) The Implementing Partner shall provide and employ on the Site in the installation of the Facilities 
such skilled, semi-skilled and unskilled labor as is necessary for the proper and timely execution 
of the Contract. The Implementing Partner is encouraged to use local labor that has the necessary 
skills.  
 
(b) Unless otherwise provided in the Contract, the Implementing Partner shall be responsible for the 
recruitment, transportation, accommodation and catering of all labor, local or expatriate, required 
for the execution of the Contract and for all payments in connection therewith.  
 
 
(c) The Implementing Partner shall be responsible for obtaining all necessary permit(s) and/or visa(s) 
from the appropriate authorities for the entry of all labor and personnel to be employed on the Site 
into the country where the Site is located.  
 
(d) The Implementing Partner shall at its own expense provide the means of repatriation to all of its 
and its SubImplementing Partner’s personnel employed on the Contract at the Site to their various 
home countries. It shall also provide suitable temporary maintenance of all such persons from the 
cessation of their employment on the Contract to the date programmed for their departure. In the 
event that the Implementing Partner defaults in providing such means of transportation and 
temporary maintenance, CESL may provide the same to such personnel and recover the cost of 
doing so from the Implementing Partner.  
 
(e) The Implementing Partner shall at all times during the progress of the Contract use its best 
endeavours to prevent any unlawful, riotous or disorderly conduct or behavior by or amongst its 
employees and the labor of its Sub-Implementing Partners.  

--- Page 66 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 28 of 
55 
 
 
(f) The Implementing Partner shall, in all dealings with its labor and the labor of its Sub-
Implementing Partners currently employed on or connected with the Contract, pay due regard to 
all recognized festivals, official holidays, religious or other customs and all local laws and 
regulations pertaining to the employment of labor.  
 
 
 
22.2 Contractor,s Implementing Partner’s Equipment  
 
 22.2.1 All Contractors or Implementing Partners’ Equipment brought by the Implementing Partner onto 
the Site shall be deemed to be intended to be used exclusively for the execution of the Contract. The 
Implementing Partner shall not remove the same from the Site without the Project Manager’s consent that 
such Implementing Partner’s Equipment is no longer required for the execution of the Contract.  
 
22.2.2 Unless otherwise specified in the Contract, upon completion of the Facilities, the Implementing 
Partner shall remove from the Site all Equipment brought by the Implementing Partner onto the Site and 
any surplus materials remaining thereon.  
 
22.2.3 CESL will, if requested, use its best endeavours to assist the Implementing Partner in obtaining any 
local, state or national government permission required by the Implementing Partner for the export of the 
Implementing Partner’s Equipment imported by the Implementing Partner for use in the execution of the 
Contract that is no longer required for the execution of the Contract.  
 
22.3 Site Regulations and Safety  
 
CESL and the Implementing Partner shall establish Site regulations setting out the rules to be observed in 
the execution of the Contract at the Site and shall comply therewith. The Implementing Partner shall 
prepare and submit to CESL, with a copy to the Project Manager, proposed Site regulations for CESL’s 
approval, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld.  
 
Such Site regulations shall include, but shall not be limited to, rules in respect of security, safety of the 
Facilities, gate control, sanitation, medical care, and fire prevention.  
 
22.4 Opportunities for Other Implementing Partners  
 
22.4.1 The Implementing Partner shall, upon written request from CESL or the Project Manager, give all 
reasonable opportunities for carrying out the work to any other Implementing Partners employed by CESL 
on or near the Site.  
 
22.4.2 If the Implementing Partner, upon written request from CESL or the Project Manager, makes 
available to other Implementing Partners any roads or ways the maintenance for which the Implementing 
Partner is responsible, permits the use by such other Implementing Partners of the Implementing Partner’s 
Equipment, or provides any other service of whatsoever nature for such other Implementing Partners, 
CESL shall fully compensate the Implementing Partner for any loss or damage caused or occasioned by 
such other Implementing Partners in respect of any such use or service, and shall pay to the Implementing 
Partner reasonable remuneration for the use of such equipment or the provision of such services. 
 
22.4.3 The Implementing Partner shall also so arrange to perform its work as to minimize, to the extent 
possible, interference with the work of other Implementing Partners. The Project Manager shall determine 

--- Page 67 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 29 of 
55 
 
the resolution of any difference or conflict that may arise between the Implementing Partner and other 
Implementing Partners and the workers of CESL in regard to their work.  
 
22.4.4 The Implementing Partner shall notify the Project Manager promptly of any defects in the other 
Implementing Partners’ work that come to its notice, and that could affect the Implementing Partner’s 
work. The Project Manager shall determine the corrective measures, if any, required to rectify the situation 
after inspection of the Facilities. Decisions made by the Project Manager shall be binding on the 
Implementing Partner.  
 22.5 Emergency Work   
If, by reason of an emergency arising in connection with and during the execution of the Contract, any 
protective or remedial work is necessary as a matter of urgency to prevent damage to the Facilities, the 
Implementing Partner shall immediately carry out such work.  
 
 If the Implementing Partner is unable or unwilling to do such work immediately, CESL may do or cause 
such work to be done as CESL may determine is necessary in order to prevent damage to the Facilities. In 
such event CESL shall, as soon as practicable after the occurrence of any such emergency, notify the 
Implementing Partner in writing of such emergency, the work done and the reasons therefor. If the work 
done or caused to be done by CESL is work that the Implementing Partner was liable to do at its own 
expense under the Contract, the reasonable costs incurred by CESL in connection therewith shall be paid 
by the Implementing Partner to CESL. Otherwise, the cost of such remedial work shall be borne by CESL.  
 
22.6 Site Clearance  
 
22.6.1 Site Clearance in Course of Performance: In the course of carrying out the Contract, the 
Implementing Partner shall keep the Site reasonably free from all unnecessary obstruction, store or remove 
any surplus materials, clear away any wreckage, rubbish or temporary works from the Site, and remove 
any Implementing Partner’s Equipment no longer required for execution of the Contract.  
 
22.6.2 Clearance of Site after Completion: After Completion of all parts of the Facilities, the Implementing 
Partner shall clear away and remove all wreckage, rubbish and debris of any kind from the Site, and shall 
leave the Site and Facilities clean and safe.  
 
Disposal of Scrap 
 
The Contractor shall with the agreement of CESL promptly remove from the site any 'Scrap' generated 
during performance of any activities at site in pursuance of the Contract. The term 'Scrap' shall refer to 
scrap / waste / remnants arising out of the fabrication of structural steel work and piping work at the project 
site in the course of execution of the contract and shall also include any wastage of cables during the 
termination process while installing the cables. 
 
The ownership of such Scrap shall vest with the Contractor except in cases where the items have been 
issued by CESL from its stores for their installation only without any adjustment to the Contract Price. 
The removal of scrap shall be subject to the Contractor producing the necessary clearance from the relevant 
authorities (Custom, Excise etc.), if required by the law, in respect of disposal of the scrap.  The liability 
for the payment of the applicable taxes/duties shall be that of the Contractor. Harmful scrap shall be 
disposed as per environmental statuary or other guidelines at contractor or implementing partner own cost. 
 
The Contractor shall also indemnify to keep CESL harmless from any act of omission or negligence on 

--- Page 68 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 30 of 
55 
 
the part of the Contractor in following the statutory requirements with regard to removal/disposal of scrap. 
The Indemnity Bond shall be furnished by Contractor as per proforma enclosed in Section-VII (Forms and 
Procedure) as Form No. 14. Further, in case the laws require CESL to take prior permission of the relevant 
Authorities before handing over the scrap to the Contractor, the same shall be obtained by the Contractor 
on behalf of CESL. 
 
However scrap generated in say replacement of pumps (i.e. old pumps as scrap) or any other scrap which 
is owned by CESL as per contract agreement, the same shall be disposed by CESL and CESL will get the 
payment.  Contractor or Implementing Partner will co-ordinate with CESL and the agency picking up the 
scrap, for scrap disposal. 
 
22.7 Watching and Lighting  
The Implementing Partner shall provide and maintain at its own expense all lighting , fencing, and watching when and where necessary for the proper execution and the protection of the Facilities, or for the safety of 
the owners and occupiers of adjacent property and for the safety of the public. 
 
22.8 Work at Night and on Holidays 
22.8.1 Unless  otherwise  provided  in  the  Contract,  no  work  shall  be carried out during the night and on public holidays of the country where  the  Site  is  located  without  prior  written  consent  of  CESL, except where work is necessary or required to ensure maintenance of public utility services or  safety of the 
Facilities or for the protection of life, or to prevent loss  or  damage  to  property,  when  the  Implementing 
Partner  shall immediately advise the Project Manager, provided that provisions of  this  GCC  Sub-Clause  22.8.1  shall  not  apply  to  any  work which is customarily carried out by rotary or double-shifts. 
 
22.8.2 Notwithstanding GCC Sub-Clauses 22.8.1 or 22.1.3, if and when the Implementing Partner considers it necessary to carry out work at night or on public holidays so as to meet the Time for Completion and 
requests CESL’s consent thereto, CESL shall not unreasonably withhold such consent. 
 
23. Test and Inspection 
 
23.1 The   Implementing Partner  shall at its own expense carry out at the place of manufacture and/or on 
the Site all such tests and/or inspections of the Plant and  Equipment  and  any  part  of  the  Facilities  as  are  specified  in  the Contract. 
 
23.2 CESL and the Project Manager or their designated representatives shall be entitled to attend the aforesaid 
test and/or inspection, provided that CESL shall bear all costs and expenses incurred in connection with such 
attendance including, but not limited to, all traveling and board and lodging expenses. 
 
23.3 Whenever   the   Implementing Partner   is ready to carry out any such test and/or inspection, the Implementing Partner shall give a reasonable advance notice of such test and/or inspection and of the place 
and time thereof to the Project Manager.   The Implementing Partner shall obtain from any relevant third 
party or manufacturer any necessary permission or consent to enable CESL and the Project Manager (or 
their designated representatives) to attend the test and/or inspection 
 
23.4 The Implementing Partner shall provide the Project Manager with a certified report of the results of 
any such test and/or inspection. 
 
If CESL or Project Manager (or their designated representatives) fails to attend the test and/or inspection, 
or if it is agreed between the parties  that  such  persons  shall  not  do  so,  then  the  Implementing Partner  may proceed with the test and/or inspection in the absence of such persons, and may provide the Project Manager with a certified report of the results thereof. 
 
23.5 The Project Manager may require the Implementing Partner to carry out any test and/or inspection 

--- Page 69 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 31 of 
55 
 
not required by the Contract, provided that the Implementing Partner’s reasonable costs and expenses 
incurred in the carrying out of such test and/or inspection shall be added to the Contract Price. Further, if 
such test and/or inspection impedes the progress of work on the Facilities and/or the Implementing 
Partner’s performance of its other obligations under the Contract, due allowance will be made in respect 
of the Time for Completion and the other obligations so affected.  
 
23.6 If any Plant and Equipment or any part of the Facilities fails to pass any test and/or inspection, the 
Implementing Partner shall either rectify or replace such Plant and Equipment or part of the Facilities and 
shall repeat the test and/or inspection upon giving a notice under GCC Sub-Clause 23.3.  
 
23.7 If any dispute or difference of opinion shall arise between the parties in connection with or arising 
out of the test and/or inspection of the Plant and Equipment or part of the Facilities that cannot be settled 
between the parties within a reasonable period of time, it may be referred to the Adjudicator for 
determination in accordance with GCC Sub-Clause 6.1 (Adjudicator).  
 
23.8 The Implementing Partner shall afford CESL and the Project Manager, at CESL’s expense, access at 
any reasonable time to any place where the Plant and Equipment are being manufactured or the Facilities 
are being installed, in order to inspect the progress and the manner of manufacture or installation, provided 
that the Project Manager shall give the Implementing Partner a reasonable prior notice.  
 
23.9 The Implementing Partner agrees that neither the execution of a test and/or inspection of Plant and 
Equipment or any part of the Facilities, nor the attendance by CESL or the Project Manager, nor the issue 
of any test certificate pursuant to GCC Sub-Clause 23.4, shall release the Implementing Partner from any 
other responsibilities under the Contract.  
 
23.10 No part of the Facilities or foundations shall be covered up on the Site without the Implementing 
Partner carrying out any test and/or inspection required under the Contract. The Implementing Partner 
shall give a reasonable notice to the Project Manager whenever any such part of the Facilities or 
foundations are ready or about to be ready for test and/or inspection; such test and/ or inspection and notice 
thereof shall be subject to the requirements of the Contract. 
 
23.11 The Implementing Partner shall uncover any part of the Facilities or foundations, or shall make 
openings in or through the same as the Project Manager may from time to time require at the Site, and 
shall reinstate and make good such part or parts. 
 
If any part of the Facilities or foundations have been covered up at the Site after compliance with the 
requirement of GCC Sub-Clause 23.10 and are found to be executed in accordance with the Contract, the 
expenses of uncovering, making openings in or through, reinstating, and making good the same shall be 
borne by CESL, and the Time for Completion shall be reasonably adjusted to the extent that the 
Implementing Partner has thereby been delayed or impeded in the performance of any of its obligations 
under the Contract. 
 
24. Completion of the Facilities  
 
24.1 As soon as the Facilities or any part thereof has, in the opinion of the Implementing Partner, been completed operationally and structurally and put in a tight and clean condition as specified in the Technical Specifications, excluding minor items not materially affecting the operation or safety o the Facilities, the 
Implementing Partner shall so notify CESL in writing. 
 
24.2 Within   seven  (7)  days  after  receipt  of  the  notice  from  the  Implementing Partner under GCC Sub-
Clause 24.1, CESL shall supply the operating and maintenance personnel specified in Appendix 6 (Scope 

--- Page 70 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 32 of 
55 
 
of Works and Supply by CESL) to the Contract Agreement, required for Pre  commissioning of the 
Facilities or any part thereof. 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the Technical Specifications, CESL shall also provide, within the said seven (7) day period, the raw materials, utilities, lubricants, chemicals, catalysts, facilities, services and other matters required for Pre commissioning of the Facilities or any part thereof. 
 
24.3 As soon as reasonably practicable after the operating and maintenance personnel have been supplied by CESL and the  raw  materials, utilities,  lubricants,  chemicals,  catalysts,  facilities,  services  and  other 
matters, if so specified in Appendix 6 (Scope of Works and Supply by the  CESL)/  Technical  Specifications,  have  been  provided  by  CESL in accordance with GCC Sub-Clause 24.2, the Implementing Partner shall commence Pre commissioning of the Facilities or the relevant part thereof in preparation for Commissioning. 
 
24.4 As   soon   as all works in respect of Pre commissioning are completed and, in the opinion of the Implementing Partner, the Facilities or any part thereof is ready for Commissioning, the Implementing Partner shall commence Commissioning as per procedures stipulated in Technical Specifications, and as soon as Commissioning is satisfactorily completed, the Implementing Partner shall so notify the Project 
Manager in writing. 
 
24.5 The Project Manager shall, within fourteen (14) days after receipt of the Implementing Partner’s notice under GCC Sub-Clause 24.4, either issue a Completion Certificate in the form specified in the Forms and Procedures section in the  bidding  documents,  stating  that  the  Facilities  or  that  part  thereof have reached Completion as at the date of the Implementing Partner’s notice under GCC Sub-Clause 24.4, or notify the Implementing Partner in writing of any defects and/or deficiencies. 
 
If  the  Project  Manager  notifies  the  Implementing Partner  of  any  defects  and/or deficiencies,  the  
Implementing Partner  shall  then  correct  such  defects  and/or deficiencies,  and  shall  repeat  the  procedure  described  in  GCC  Sub Clause 24.4. 
 
If the Project Manager is satisfied that the Facilities or that part thereof have reached Completion, the 
Project Manager shall, within seven (7) days after receipt of the Implementing Partner’s repeated notice, 
issue a Completion Certificate stating that the Facilities or that part thereof have reached Completion as 
at the date of the Implementing Partner’s repeated notice. 
 
If the Project Manager is not so satisfied, then it shall notify the Implementing Partner in writing of any 
defects and/or deficiencies within seven (7) days after receipt of the Implementing Partner’s repeated 
notice, and the above procedure shall be repeated. 
 
24.6  If the Project Manager fails to issue the Completion Certificate and fails to inform the Implementing 
Partner of any defects and/or deficiencies within fourteen (14) days after receipt of the Implementing 
Partner’s notice under GCC Sub-Clause 24.4 or within seven (7) days after receipt of the Implementing 
Partner’s repeated notice under GCC Sub-Clause 24.5, or if CESL makes use of the Facilities or part 
thereof, then the Facilities or that part thereof shall be deemed to have reached Completion as of the date 
of the Implementing Partner’s notice or repeated notice, or as of CESL’s use of the Facilities, as the case 
may be.  
 
24.7 As soon as possible after Completion, the Implementing Partner shall complete all outstanding minor 
items so that the Facilities are fully in accordance with the requirements of the Contract, failing which 
CESL will undertake such completion and deduct the costs thereof from any monies owing to the 
Implementing Partner.  
 
24.8 Upon Completion, CESL shall be responsible for the care and custody of the Facilities or the relevant 

--- Page 71 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 33 of 
55 
 
part thereof, together with the risk of loss or damage thereto, and shall thereafter take over the Facilities 
or the relevant part thereof.  
 
25. Commissioning, Guarantee  Test and Operational Acceptance 
 
25.1 Commissioning 
 25.1.1 Commissioning of the Facilities or any part thereof shall be completed by the Implementing Partner as per procedures detailed in the Technical Specifications.  
CESL shall, unless otherwise specified in   Appendix 6 (Scope of  Works  and  Supply  by  the  CESL)/  
Technical Specifications, supply the operating and maintenance personnel and all raw materials, utilities, 
lubricants, chemicals, catalysts ,facilities, services and other matters required for Commissioning of the 
Facilities. 
 
25.2 Guarantee Test (where ever applicable) 
 
25.2.1 The Guarantee Test (and repeats thereof) shall be conducted by the Implementing Partner after Commissioning of the Facilities or the relevant part thereof to ascertain whether the Facilities or the relevant 
part can attain the Functional Guarantees specified in the Contract Documents.  The Implementing Partner’s 
and Project Manager’s advisory personnel shall attend the Guarantee Test. CESL shall promptly provide 
the Implementing Partner with such information as the Implementing Partner may reasonably require in 
relation to the conduct and results of the Guarantee Test (and any repeats thereof). 
 
25.2.2 If for reasons not attributable to the Implementing Partner, the Guarantee Test of the Facilities or 
the relevant part thereof cannot be successfully completed within the period from the date of Completion 
specified in the SCC or any other period agreed upon by CESL and the Implementing Partner, the 
Implementing Partner shall be deemed to have fulfilled its obligations with respect to the Functional 
Guarantees, and GCC Sub-Clauses 28.2 and 28.3 shall not apply.  
 
25.3 Operational Acceptance  
 
25.3.1 Subject to GCC Sub-Clause 25.4 (Partial Acceptance) below, Operational Acceptance shall occur 
in respect of the Facilities or any part thereof when  
 
(a) the Guarantee Test has been successfully completed and the Functional Guarantees are met; or  
(b) the Guarantee Test has not been successfully completed or has not been carried out for reasons 
not attributable to the Implementing Partner within the period from the date of Completion 
specified in the SCC or any other agreed upon period as specified in GCC Sub-Clause 25.2.2 
above, but successful Completion of the Facilities has been achieved; or  
(C) the Implementing Partner has paid the liquidated damages specified in GCC Sub-Clause 28.3 
hereof; and  
 
(d) any minor items mentioned in GCC Sub-Clause 24.7 hereof relevant to the Facilities or that part   
thereof have been completed.  
 
25.3.2 At any time after any of the events set out in GCC Sub-Clause 25.3.1 have occurred, the 
Implementing Partner may give a notice to the Project Manager requesting the issue of an Operational 
Acceptance Certificate in the form provided in the Bidding Documents or in another form acceptable to 
CESL in respect of the Facilities or the part thereof specified in such notice as at the date of such notice.  
 

--- Page 72 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 34 of 
55 
 
25.3.3 The Project Manager shall, after consultation with CESL, and within forty five (45) days after 
receipt of the Implementing Partner’s notice, issue an Operational Acceptance Certificate.  
 
25.3.4 If within forty five (45) days after receipt of the Implementing Partner’s notice, the Project Manager 
fails to issue the Operational Acceptance Certificate or fails to inform the Implementing Partner in writing 
of the justifiable reasons why the Project Manager has not issued the Operational Acceptance Certificate, 
the Facilities or the relevant part thereof shall be deemed to have been accepted as at the date of the 
Implementing Partner’s said notice. 
 
25.4 Partial Acceptance  
 
25.4.1 If the Contract specifies that Completion and Commissioning shall be carried out in respect of parts 
of the Facilities, the provisions relating to Completion and Commissioning including the Guarantee Test 
shall apply to each such part of the Facilities individually, and the Operational Acceptance Certificate shall 
be issued accordingly for each such part of the Facilities. 
 
25.4.2 If a part of the Facilities comprises facilities such as buildings, for which no Commissioning or 
Guarantee Test is required, then the Project Manager shall issue the Operational Acceptance Certificate 
for such facility when it attains Completion, provided that the Implementing Partner shall thereafter 
complete any outstanding minor items that are listed in the Operational Acceptance Certificate. 
 
F. Guarantees and Liabilities 
 
26. Completion Time Guarantee 
 
26.1 The Implementing Partner guarantees that it shall attain Completion of the Facilities (or a part for which a separate time for completion is specified in the SCC) within the Time for Completion specified in the 
SCC pursuant to GCC Sub-Clause 8.2, or within such extended time to which the Implementing Partner shall be entitled under GCC Clause 40 (Extension of Time for Completion) hereof. 
 
26.2 If the Implementing Partner fails to attain Completion of the Facilities or any part thereof within the 
Time for Completion or any extension thereof under GCC Clause 40 (Extension of Time for Completion), the Implementing Partner shall pay to CESL liquidated damages in the amount computed at the rates 
specified in the SCC.   The aggregate amount of such liquidated damages shall in no event exceed the 
amount specified as “Maximum” in the SCC.  Once the “Maximum” is reached, CESL may consider 
termination of the Contract, pursuant to GCC Sub-Clause 42.2.2. 
 
Such payment  shall  completely  satisfy  the  Implementing Partner’s  obligation  to attain Completion of 
the Facilities or the relevant part thereof within the Time  for  Completion  or  any  extension  thereof  under  GCC  Clause  40 (Extension of Time for Completion).  The Implementing Partner shall have no further 
liability whatsoever to CESL in respect thereof. 
 
 However, the payment of liquidated damages shall not in any way relieve the Implementing Partner from 
any of its obligations to complete the Facilities or from   any  other  obligations  and  liabilities  of  the  Implementing Partner  under  the Contract. 
 
Save for liquidated damages payable under this GCC Sub-Clause 26.2, the failure by the Implementing 
Partner to attain any milestone or other act, matter or thing by any date specified in Appendix 4 (Time 
Schedule) to the Contract Agreement and/or other program of work prepared pursuant to GCC Clause 18 
(Program of Performance) shall not render the Implementing Partner liable for any loss or damage thereby 
suffered by CESL. 

--- Page 73 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 35 of 
55 
 
 
27. Defect Liability 
 
27.1 The Implementing Partner warrants that the Facilities or any part thereof shall be free from defects 
in the design, engineering, materials and workmanship of the Plant and Equipment supplied and of the 
work executed. 
 
27.2 The Defect Liability Period shall be eighteen (18) months from the date of Completion of the 
Facilities (or any part thereof) or twelve (12) months from the date of Operational Acceptance of the 
Facilities (or any part thereof), whichever first occurs, unless specified otherwise in the SCC. 
 
If during the Defect Liability Period any defect should be found in the design, engineering, materials and 
workmanship of   the Plant and Equipment supplied  or  of  the  work  executed  by the Implementing 
Partner, the Implementing Partner shall promptly, in consultation and agreement with CESL regarding 
appropriate remedying of the  defects,  and  at its cost, repair, replace or otherwise make good (as the 
Implementing Partner shall, at its discretion, determine) such defect  as  well as any damage to the 
Facilities caused by such defect.  The Implementing Partner shall not be responsible for the repair, 
replacement or making good of any defect or of any damage to the Facilities arising out of or resulting 
from any of the following causes: 
 
(a) improper operation or maintenance of the Facilities by CESL 
 
(b) operation  of  the  Facilities  outside  specifications  provided  in  the Contract. 
 
(c)  Normal wear and tear. 
 
 
27.3 The Implementing Partner’s obligations under this GCC Clause 27 shall not apply to  
 
(a) any materials that are supplied by CESL under GCC Sub- Clause 21.2 (CESL-Supplied Plant, 
Equipment and Materials), are  normally consumed in operation, or have a normal life shorter than 
the Defect Liability Period stated herein. 
 
(b) any  designs,  specifications  or  other  data  designed,  supplied  or specified by or on behalf of CESL 
or any matters for  which the  Implementing Partner has disclaimed responsibility herein. 
 
(c) any other materials supplied or any other work executed by or on behalf  of  the  CESL,  except  for  
the  work  executed  by  CESL under GCC Sub-Clause 27.7. 
 
27.4 CESL shall give the Implementing Partner a notice stating the nature of any such defect together with 
all available evidence thereof, promptly following the discovery thereof. CESL shall afford all reasonable 
opportunity for the Implementing Partner to inspect any such defect.  
 
27.5 CESL shall afford the Implementing Partner all necessary access to the Facilities and the Site to 
enable the Implementing Partner to perform its obligations under this GCC Clause 27.  
The Implementing Partner may, with the consent of CESL, remove from the Site any Plant and Equipment 
or any part of the Facilities that are defective if the nature of the defect, and/or any damage to the Facilities 
caused by the defect, is such that repairs cannot be expeditiously carried out at the Site.  
 
27.6 If the repair, replacement or making good is of such a character that it may affect the efficiency of 
the Facilities or any part thereof, CESL may give to the Implementing Partner a notice requiring that tests 
of the defective part of the Facilities shall be made by the Implementing Partner immediately upon 

--- Page 74 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 36 of 
55 
 
completion of such remedial work, whereupon the Implementing Partner shall carry out such tests.  
 
If such part fails the tests, the Implementing Partner shall carry out further repair, replacement or making 
good (as the case may be) until that part of the Facilities passes such tests. The tests in character shall in 
any case be not less than what has already been agreed by CESL and the Implementing Partner for the 
original equipment/part of the Facilities.  
 
27.7  If the Implementing Partner fails to commence the work necessary to remedy such defect or any 
damage to the Facilities caused by such defect within a reasonable time (which shall in no event be 
considered to be less than fifteen (15) days), CESL may, following notice to the Implementing Partner, 
proceed to do such work, and the reasonable costs incurred by CESL in connection therewith shall be paid 
to CESL by the Implementing Partner or may be deducted by CESL from any monies due to the 
Implementing Partner or claimed under the Performance Security.  
 
27.8 If the Facilities or any part thereof cannot be used by reason of such defect and/or making good of 
such defect, the Defect Liability Period of the Facilities or such part, as the case may be, shall be extended 
by a period equal to the period during which the Facilities or such part cannot be used by CESL because 
of any of the aforesaid reasons. Upon correction of the defects in the Facilities or any part thereof by 
repair/ replacement, such repair/replacement shall have the Defect Liability Period extended by a period 
of twelve (12) month from the time such replacement/ repair of the Facilities or any part thereof.  
 
27.9 Except  as provided in GCC Clauses 27 and 33 (Loss of or Damage to Property / Accident or  Injury to Workers/Indemnification),  the  Implementing Partner shall be under no liability whatsoever and howsoever arising, and whether under the Contract or at law, in respect of defects in the Facilities or anypart thereof, 
the Plant and Equipment, design or engineering or work executed that appear after Completion of the Facilities or any part thereof, except  where  such  defects  are  the  result  of  the  gross negligence ,fraud, 
criminal or wilful action of the Implementing Partner. 
 
27.10 In addition, the Implementing Partner shall also provide an extended warranty for any such 
component of the Facilities and during the period of time as may be specified in the SCC. Such obligation 
shall be in addition to the defect liability specified under GCC Sub-Clause 27.2. 
 
28. Functional Guarantees 
 
28.1 The Implementing Partner guarantees that during the Guarantee Test, the Facilities and all parts thereof shall attain the Functional Guarantees specified in Appendix 8 (Functional Guarantees) to the Contract Agreement, subject to and upon the conditions therein specified. 
 
28.2 If, for reasons attributable to the Implementing Partner, the guaranteed level of the Functional Guarantees specified in Appendix 8 (Functional Guarantees) to the Contract Agreement are not met either 
in whole or in part, the Implementing Partner shall, within a mutually agreed time, at its cost and expense 
make such changes, modifications and/or additions to the Plant or any part thereof as may be necessary to meet such Guarantees. The Implementing Partner shall notify CESL upon completion of the necessary 
changes, modifications and/or additions, and shall seek CESL's consent to repeat the Guarantee Test.  If 
the specified Functional Guarantees are not established even during the repeat of the Guarantee Test, CESL 
may at its option, either  
 
(a) Reject the Equipment and recover the payments already made, or 
 
(b) Terminate the Contract pursuant to  GCC Sub-Clause 42.2.2 and recover the payments already 
made, or 

--- Page 75 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 37 of 
55 
 
 
(c) Accept the equipment after levy of liquidated damages in accordance with the provisions specified in Appendix-8(Functional Guarantees) to the Contract Agreement. 
 
28.3 In case CESL exercises its option to accept the equipment after levy of liquidated damages, the 
payment of liquidated damages under GCC Sub-Clause 28.2, up   to the limitation of liability specified in 
the Appendix-8 (Functional Guarantees) to the Contract Agreement, shall completely satisfy the 
Implementing Partner’s guarantees under GCC Sub-Clause 28.2, and the Implementing Partner shall have 
no further liability whatsoever to CESL in respect thereof. Upon the payment of such liquidated damages 
by the Implementing Partner, the Project Manager shall issue the Operational Acceptance Certificate for 
the Facilities or any part thereof in respect of which the liquidated damages have been so paid. 
 
29. Patent Indemnity 
 
29.1 The Implementing Partner shall, subject  to  the  CESL’s compliance  with GCC Sub-Clause  29.2,  indemnify  and  hold  harmless  the  CESL  and  its employees and officers from and against any and all 
suits, actions or administrative proceedings, claims, demands, losses, damages, costs, and  expenses  of  
whatsoever  nature,  including  attorney’s  fees  and expenses, which CESL may suffer as a result of any infringement or alleged infringement of any patent, utility model, registered design, trademark,  copyright  or  other  intellectual  property  right  registered  or otherwise  existing  at  the  date of  the  Contract  by  reason of: (a)  the installation of the Facilities by the Implementing Partner or the use of the Facilities in the country where the Site is located; and (b) the sale of the products produced by the Facilities in any 
country. 
 
Such  indemnity  shall  not  cover  any  use  of  the  Facilities  or  any  part thereof  other  than  for  the  purpose  indicated  by  or  to  be  reasonably inferred from the Contract, any infringement resulting from the use of the Facilities  or  any  part  thereof,  or  any  products  produced  thereby  in association or combination with any other equipment, plant or materials not supplied by the Implementing Partner, pursuant to the Contract 
Agreement. 
 
29.2 If any proceedings are brought or any claim is made against CESL arising  out  of  the  matters  referred  to  in  GCC  Sub-Clause  29.1,  CESL shall promptly give the Implementing Partner a notice thereof, and 
the Implementing Partner may at its own expense and in CESL’s name conduct such proceedings or claim and any negotiations for the settlement of any such proceedings or claim. 
 
If the Implementing Partner fails to notify CESL within twenty-eight (28) days after receipt of such notice that it intends to conduct any such proceedings or claim, then CESL shall be free to conduct the same on its ownbehalf.  Unless the Implementing Partner has so failed to notify CESL withint he twenty-eight (28) day period, CESL shall make no admission that may be prejudicial to the defense of any such proceedings or claim.  CESL shall, at the Implementing Partner’s request, afford all available assistance to the Implementing 
Partner in conducting such proceedings or claim ,and shall be reimbursed by the Implementing Partner for 
all reasonable expenses incurred in so doing. 
 
29.3CESL shall indemnify and hold harmless the Implementing Partner and its employees,  officers  and  Sub-Implementing Partners  from  and  against  any  and  all suits, actions or administrative proceedings, 
claims, demands, losses, damages, costs, and expenses of whatsoever nature, including attorney’s fees and 
expenses, which the Implementing Partner may suffer as a result of any infringement or alleged 
infringement of any patent, utility model, registered design, trademark, copyright or other intellectual 
property right registered or otherwise existing at the date of the Contract arising out of or in connection 
with any design, data, drawing, specification, or other documents or materials provided or designed by or 
on behalf of CESL. 

--- Page 76 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 38 of 
55 
 
 
30. Limitation of Liability  
 
30.1 Except in cases of criminal negligence or wilful misconduct, 
 
(a) the Implementing Partner  shall  not  be  liable  to  the  CESL,  whether  in contract, tort, or otherwise, 
for any indirect or consequential  loss or  damage,  loss  of  use,  loss  of  production,  or  loss  of  
profits  or 
interest costs, provided that this exclusion shall not apply to any obligation  of  the  Implementing 
Partner  to  pay  liquidated  damages  to  CESL and 
 
(b) the aggregate liability of the Implementing Partner to CESL, whether under the Contract, in tort 
or otherwise, shall not exceed the total Contract Price, provided that this limitation shall not apply 
to any obligation of the Implementing Partner to indemnify CESL with respect to patent 
infringement or as specified in SCC. 
 
 
G. Risk Distribution 
 
31. Transfer of Ownership 
 
31.1Ownership of the Plant and Equipment (including spare parts) procured in  the  country  where  the  Site  is  located  shall  be  transferred  to  CESL when the Plant and Equipment are reached at site. 
 
31.2Ownership of the Implementing Partner’s Equipment used by the Implementing Partner and its Sub Implementing Partners in connection with the Contract shall remain with the Implementing Partner or its 
Sub Implementing Partners. 
 
31.3Ownership of any Plant and Equipment in excess of the requirements for the Facilities shall revert to the Implementing Partner upon Completion of the Facilities or at such earlier time when CESL and the 
Implementing Partner agree that the  Plant  and  Equipment  in  question  are  no  longer  required  for  the Facilities,  provided  quantity  of  any  Plant  and  Equipment  specifically stipulated in the Contract shall 
be the property of CESL whether or not incorporated in the Facilities. 
 
31.4 Disposal of surplus material  
Ownership of any Plant and Equipment in excess of the requirements for the Facilities (i.e. surplus 
material) shall revert to the Contractor upon Completion of the Facilities and Guarantee Test or at such 
earlier time when CESL and the Contractor agree that the Plant and Equipment in question are no  longer 
required for the Facilities, provided quantity of any Plant and Equipment specifically stipulated in the 
Contract shall be the property of CESL  whether  or  not incorporated in the Facilities. The Contractor 
shall remove from the site such surplus material brought by him in pursuance of the Contract, subject to 
the Contractor producing the necessary clearance from the relevant authorities (Customs, Excise etc.), if 
required by law, in respect of re-export or disposal of the surplus material locally. The liability for the 
payment of the applicable taxes/ duties, if any, on the surplus material so re-exported and/or disposed 
locally shall be that of the Contractor. 
 
The Contractor shall also indemnify to keep CESL harmless from any act of omission or negligence on 
the part of the Contractor in following the statutory requirements with regard to removal / disposal of 
surplus material. The Indemnity Bond shall be furnished by contractor as per proforma enclosed in 
Section-VII (Forms and Procedure) as Form No. 14. Further, in case the laws require CESL to take prior 
permission of the relevant Authorities before handing over the surplus material to the Contractor, the same 

--- Page 77 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 39 of 
55 
 
shall be obtained by the Contractor on behalf of CESL. 
 
Notwithstanding the transfer of ownership of the Plant and Equipment, the responsibility for care and 
custody thereof together with the risk, of loss or damage thereto shall remain with the Implementing Partner pursuant to GCC Clause 32 (Care of Facilities) hereof until Completion of the Facilities or the part thereof in 
which such Plant and Equipment are incorporated. 
 
31.5 In case of two/three Contracts entered into between CESL and the Implementing Partner as per GCC Sub-Clause 3.6 or where CESL hands over his equipment to the Implementing Partner for executing the Contract, then the Implementing Partner shall at the time of taking delivery of the 
Equipment through Bill  of  Lading  or  other  despatch  documents  furnish  Trust  Receipt  for Plant, 
Equipment and Materials and also execute an Indemnity Bond in favour of CESL in the form 
acceptable to CESL for keeping the equipment in safe custody and to utilise the same exclusively for 
the purpose of the said Contract. Proforma for the Trust Receipt and Indemnity bond. TheCESL shall also issue a separate Authorisation Letter to the Implementing Partnerto enable him to take physical delivery of plant, equipment and materials from CESL. 
 
 
32 Care of Facilities 
 
32.1 The  Implementing Partner  shall  be  responsible  for  the  care  and  custody  of  the Facilities or any 
part thereof until the date of Completion of the Facilities pursuant to GCC Clause 24 (Completion of the 
Facilities) or, where the Contract provides for Completion of the Facilities in parts, until the date of 
Completion of the relevant part, and shall make good at its own cost any loss or damage that may occur 
to the Facilities or the relevant part thereof from any cause whatsoever during such period.  The 
Implementing Partner shall also be responsible for any loss or damage to the Facilities caused by the Implementing Partner or its Sub Implementing Partners in the course of any work carried out, pursuant to 
GCC Clause 27 (Defect Liability).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Implementing Partner shall not be liable for any loss or damage to the Facilities   or  that  part  thereof  caused  by  reason  of  any  of  the  matters specified or referred to in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) of GCC Sub-Clauses 32.2 and 38.1. 
 
32.2 If any loss or damage occurs to the Facilities or any part thereof or to the Implementing Partner’s 
temporary facilities by reason of  
 
(a) (insofar  as  they  relate  to  the  country  where  the  Site  is  located) nuclear  reaction,  nuclear  
radiation,  radioactive  contamination, pressure wave caused by aircraft or other aerial objects, or 
any other  occurrences  that  an  experienced  Implementing Partner  could  not reasonably  foresee, 
or  if  reasonably foreseeable could  not reasonably make provision for or insure against,  insofar 
as such risks are not normally insurable on the insurance market and are mentioned  in  the  general 
exclusions  of  the  policy  of  insurance, including  War  Risks  and  Political  Risks, taken  out  
under  GCC Clause 34 (Insurance) hereof. 
 
(b) any use or occupation by CESL or any third party (other than a Sub Implementing Partner) 
authorized by CESL of any part of the Facilities.  
 
(c) Any   use  of  or  reliance  upon  any  design,  data  or  specification provided or designated by or 
on behalf of CESL, or any such matter for which the Implementing Partner has disclaimed 
responsibility  herein, 
 
CESL shall pay to the Implementing Partner all sums payable in respect of the Facilities executed, 
notwithstanding that the same be lost, destroyed or damaged, and will pay to the Implementing Partner 
the replacement value of all temporary facilities and all parts thereof lost, destroyed or damaged.  If CESL 
requests the Implementing Partner in writing to make good any loss or  damage  to  the Facilities  thereby  

--- Page 78 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 40 of 
55 
 
occasioned,  the  Implementing Partner  shall make good the same at the cost  of CESL in accordance with 
GCC  Clause  39  (Change  in  the  Facilities).   If  the  CESL  does  not request the Implementing Partner in 
writing to make good any loss or damage to the Facilities thereby occasioned, CESL shall either request 
a change in accordance with GCC Clause 39 (Change in the Facilities),excluding  the  performance  of  that  part  of  the  Facilities  thereby  lost, destroyed or damaged, or, where the loss or damage affects a substantial part of the Facilities, CESL shall terminate the Contract pursuant to GCC Sub-Clause 42.1 (Termination for CESL’s Convenience) hereof ,except  that  the  Implementing Partner  shall  have  no  entitlement  to  profit  under  paragraph (e) of GCC Sub-Clause 42.1.3 in respect of any unexecuted 
Facilities as at the date of termination. 
 
32.3 The Implementing Partner shall be liable for any loss of or damage to any Implementing Partner’s 
Equipment, or any other property of the Implementing Partner used or intended to be used for purposes of 
the Facilities, except (i) as mentioned in GCC Sub-Clause 32.2 (with respect to the Implementing Partner’s 
temporary facilities), and  (ii)  where  such  loss  or  damage  arises  by  reason  of  any  of  the matters 
specified in GCC Sub-Clauses 32.2(b) and (c) and 38.1. 
 
32.3 With respect to any loss or damage caused to the Facilities or any part thereof or to the Implementing 
Partner’s Equipment by reason of any of the matters specified in GCC Sub-Clause 38.1, the provisions 
of GCC Sub-Clause38.3 shall apply. 
 
33 Loss of or Damage to Property; Accident or Injury to workers; Indemnification 
 
33.1 Subject to GCC Sub - Clause 33.3, the Implementing Partner shall indemnify and hold harmless 
CESL and its employees  and  officers from and against any and all suits, actions or  administrative 
proceedings, claims, demands, losses, damages, costs, and expenses of  whatsoever nature ,including  attorney’s  fees  and  expenses,  in  respect  of  the  death  or  injury of  any  person  or  loss  of  or  damage  to  any  property  (other  than  the Facilities whether accepted or not), arising in connection with the supply 
and installation of the Facilities and by reason of the negligence of the Implementing Partner or its Sub-
Implementing Partners, or their employees, officers or agents, except any injury, death or property 
damage caused by the negligence of CESL, its Implementing Partners, employees, officers or agents. 
 
33.2 If any proceedings are brought or any claim is made against CESL that might subject the 
Implementing Partner to liability under GCC Sub-Clause33.1, CESL shall promptly give the 
Implementing Partner a notice thereof and the Implementing Partner may at its own expense and in 
CESL’s name conduct such proceedings or claim and any negotiations for the settlement of any such 
proceedings or claim. 
 
If the Implementing Partner fails to notify CESL within twenty-eight (28) days after receipt of such notice 
that it intends to conduct any such proceedings or claim, then CESL shall be free to conduct the same on 
its own behalf.  Unless the Implementing Partner has so failed to notify CESL within the twenty-eight 
(28) day period, CESL shall make no admission that may be prejudicial to the defense of any such 
proceedings or claim. 
 
CESL  shall,  at  the  Implementing Partner’s  request,  afford  all  available assistance to the Implementing 
Partner in conducting such proceedings or claim, and shall be reimbursed by the Implementing Partner 
for all reasonable expenses incurred in so doing. 
 
33.3 CESL shall indemnify and hold harmless the Implementing Partner and its employees, officers and 
Sub-Implementing Partners from any liability for loss of or damage  to  property  of  the  CESL,  other  
than  the  Facilities  not  yet taken  over,  that  is  caused  by  fire,  explosion  or  any  other  perils,  in 
excess of the amount recoverable from insurances procured under GCC Clause 34 (Insurances), provided 
that such fire, explosion or other perils were not caused by any act or failure of the Implementing Partner. 
 
33.4 The party entitled to the benefit of an indemnity under this GCC Clause33 shall take all reasonable 

--- Page 79 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 41 of 
55 
 
measures to mitigate any loss or damage which has occurred.  If the party fails to take such measures, the 
other party’s liabilities shall be correspondingly reduced. 
 
34 Insurance 
 
34.1 To the extent specified in Appendix 3 (Insurance Requirements) to the Contract Agreement, the 
Implementing Partner shall at its expense take out and maintain   in  effect,  or  cause  to  be  taken  out  
and  maintained  in  effect, during the performance of the Contract, the insurances set forth below in the 
sums and with the deductibles and other conditions specified in the said Appendix.  The identity of the 
insurers and the form of the policies shall be  subject  to  the  approval  of  the  CESL,  who  should  not 
Unreasonably withhold such approval. 
 
(a) Cargo Insurance During Transport 
Covering loss or  damage  occurring  while  in  transit  from  the Implementing Partner’s   or   Sub 
Implementing Partner’s   works or stores until arrival at the Site, to the Plant and Equipment (including spare parts therefor)and to the Implementing Partner’s Equipment. 
 
(b) Installation All Risks Insurance 
Covering physical loss  or  damage  to  the  Facilities  at  the  Site, occurring prior to Completion of the 
Facilities, with an extended maintenance coverage for the Implementing Partner’s liability in  respect  of 
any loss or damage occurring during the Defect Liability Period while the Implementing Partner is on the 
Site for the purpose of performing its obligations during the Defect Liability Period. 
 
(c) Third Party Liability Insurance  
Covering bodily injury or death suffered by third parties (including CESL’s personnel) and loss of or 
damage to property occurring in connection with the supply and installation of the Facilities.  
 
(d) Automobile Liability Insurance  
Covering use of all vehicles used by the Implementing Partner or its Sub Implementing Partners (whether 
or not owned by them) in connection with the execution of the Contract.  
 
(e)    Workers’ Compensation  
In accordance with the statutory requirements applicable in any country where the Contract or any part 
thereof is executed.  
 
(f)  CESL’s Liability  
In accordance with the statutory requirements applicable in any country where the Contract or any part 
thereof is executed.  
 
(g) Other Insurances  
Such other insurances as may be specifically agreed upon by the parties hereto as listed in the said 
Appendix 3.  
 
34.2 CESL shall be named as co-insured under all insurance policies taken out by the Implementing 
Partner pursuant to GCC Sub-Clause 34.1, except for the Third Party Liability, Workers’ Compensation 
and CESL’s Liability Insurances, and the Implementing Partner’s Sub Implementing Partners shall be 
named as co-insured’s under all insurance policies taken out by the Implementing Partner pursuant to GCC 
Sub-Clause 34.1 except for the Cargo Insurance During Transport, Workers’ Compensation and CESL’s 
Liability Insurances. All insurers’ rights of subrogation against such co-insured’s for losses or claims 
arising out of the performance of the Contract shall be waived under such policies.  

--- Page 80 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 42 of 
55 
 
 
34.3 The Implementing Partner shall, in accordance with the provisions of Appendix 3 (Insurance 
Requirements) to the Contract Agreement, deliver to CESL certificates of insurance (or copies of the 
insurance policies) as evidence that the required policies are in full force and effect. The certificates shall 
provide that no less than twenty-one (21) days’ notice shall be given to CESL by insurers prior to 
cancellation or material modification of a policy.  
 
34.4 The Implementing Partner shall ensure that, where applicable, its Sub Implementing Partner(s) shall 
take out and maintain in effect adequate insurance policies for their personnel and vehicles and for work 
executed by them under the Contract, unless such Sub Implementing Partners are covered by the policies 
taken out by the Implementing Partner.  
 
34.5 CESL shall at its expense take out and maintain in effect during the performance of the Contract 
those insurances specified in Appendix 3 (Insurance Requirements) to the Contract Agreement.  
 
34.6 If the Implementing Partner fails to take out and/or maintain in effect the insurances referred to in 
GCC Sub-Clause 34.1, CESL may take out and maintain in effect any such insurances and may from time 
to time deduct from any amount due the Implementing Partner under the Contract any premium that CESL 
shall have paid to the insurer, or may otherwise recover such amount as a debt due from the Implementing 
Partner. If CESL fails to take out and/or maintain in effect the insurances referred to in GCC 34.5, the 
Implementing Partner may take out and maintain in effect any such insurances and may from time to time 
deduct from any amount due CESL under the Contract any premium that the Implementing Partner shall 
have paid to the insurer, or may otherwise recover such amount as a debt due from CESL. If the 
Implementing Partner fails to or is unable to take out and maintain in effect any such insurances, the 
Implementing Partner shall nevertheless have no liability or responsibility towards CESL, and the 
Implementing Partner shall have full recourse against CESL for any and all liabilities of CESL herein.  
 
34.7 Unless otherwise provided in the Contract, the Implementing Partner shall prepare and conduct all 
and any claims made under the policies effected by it pursuant to this GCC Clause 34, and all monies 
payable by any insurers shall be paid to the Implementing Partner as per the procedure outlined in GCC 
Sub- Clause 34.8 below. CESL shall give to the Implementing Partner all such reasonable assistance as 
may be required by the Implementing Partner. With respect to insurance claims in which CESL’s interest 
is involved, the Implementing Partner shall not give any release or make any compromise with the insurer 
without the prior written consent of CESL. With respect to insurance claims in which the Implementing 
Partner’s interest is involved, CESL shall not give any release or make any compromise with the insurer 
without the prior written consent of the Implementing Partner.  
 
34.8 (i) wherever total damages/loss of equipment/material, would occur, the Implementing Partner will 
be entitled to payment of all payments received from the underwriters except the following amounts:  
 
(a) The amount paid to the Implementing Partner under the Contract in respect of equipment/material 
damaged/lost (excluding the pro-rata initial advance) but including the entire amount of 
escalation, if any, already paid to the Con-tractor.   
 
(b) Custom Duties and other taxes and duties which have already been paid by CESL.  
 
In the event the claim money settled, is less than the total of the amount in a & b above, then the entire 
claim money settled will be retained by CESL and the Implementing Partner will forth-with pay CESL 
the short fall amount between the claim money and the total of amounts as per a & b mentioned above. 
Subsequent payments, if any, due under the Contract shall be regulated by the relevant terms of payment. 

--- Page 81 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 43 of 
55 
 
 
(II) In  case  of  damage  to  any  equipment/material  during  any  stage, the  Implementing Partner  upon  
rectification  of  the  damaged  equipment  to the  satisfaction  of  the  CESL  shall  be  paid  to  the  extent  
of full  claims  settled  by  the  underwriters. 
 
35 Unforeseen Conditions  
 
35.1 If, during the execution of the Contract, the Implementing Partner shall encounter on the Site any 
physical conditions (other than climatic conditions) or artificial obstructions that could not have been 
reasonably foreseen prior to the date of the Contract Agreement by   an experienced Implementing Partner 
on the basis  of  reasonable  examination  of  the  data  relating  to  the  Facilities(including any data as to 
boring tests) provided by CESL, and on the basis of information that it could have obtained from a visual 
inspection of the Site (if access thereto was available) or other data readily available to it relating to the 
Facilities, and if the Implementing Partner  determines that it will in consequence of such conditions or 
obstructions incur additional cost and expense or require  additional time to perform its obligations under 
the Contract that would not have been required if such physical conditions or artificial obstructions had 
not been encountered, the Implementing Partner shall promptly, and before performing additional work 
or using additional Plant and Equipment or Implementing Partner’s Equipment, notify the Project Manager 
in writing of 
 
a) the  physical  conditions  or  artificial  obstructions  on  the  Site  that could not have been 
reasonably foreseen. 
 
b) the additional work and/or Plant and Equipment and/or Implementing Partner’s Equipment 
required, including the steps which the Implementing Partner will or proposes to take to 
overcome such conditions or obstructions. 
 
c) the extent of the anticipated delay. 
 
d) the  additional  cost  and  expense  that  the  Implementing Partner  is  likely  to incur. 
 
On receiving any notice from the Implementing Partner under this GCC Sub-Clause35.1, the Project 
Manager shall promptly consult with CESL and Implementing Partner  and  decide  upon  the  actions  to  
be  taken  to  overcome  the physical conditions or artificial obstructions encountered.  Following such 
consultations, the Project Manager shall instruct the Implementing Partner, with a copy to CESL, of the 
actions to be taken. 
 
35.2 Any reasonable additional cost and expense incurred by the Implementing Partner in following the 
instructions from the Project Manager to overcome such physical  conditions  or  artificial  obstructions  
referred  to  in  GCC  Sub-Clause  35.1  shall  be  paid  by  the  CESL  to  the  Implementing Partner  as  
an addition to the Contract Price. 
 
35.3 If the Implementing Partner is delayed or impeded in the performance of the Contract because of any such physical conditions or artificial obstructions referred to in GCC Sub-Clause 35.1, the Time for 
Completion shall be extended in accordance with GCC Clause 40 (Extension of Time for Completion). 
 
36 Change in Laws and Regulations 
 
36.1 If,  after  the  date  seven (7) days prior to the date of Bid submission, in the  country  where  the  Site  is  located,  any  law,  regulation,  ordinance ,order or by-law having the force of law is enacted, promulgated, abrogated or changed (which shall be deemed to include any change in interpretation or  application  by  the  competent  authorities)  that  subsequently  affects the costs and expenses of the Implementing Partner and/or the Time for Completion ,the  Contract  Price  shall  be  correspondingly  increased  or  decreased ,and/or  the  Time  for  Completion  shall  be  reasonably  adjusted  to  the extent that the Implementing Partner has 

--- Page 82 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 44 of 
55 
 
thereby been affected in the performance of any of its obligations under the Contract.  However, these adjustments would be restricted to direct transactions between CESL and the Implementing Partner/Assignee of Foreign Implementing Partner (if applicable). These adjustment shall not be applicable on 
procurement of raw materials, intermediary components etc. by the Implementing Partner/Assignee of 
Foreign Implementing Partner and shall  also  not  be  applicable  on  bought  out  items  despatched  directly 
from sub-vendor works to site. Further, no adjustment of the Contract Price and/or payment or 
reimbursement of taxes, duties or levies shall be   made  on  account  of  variation  in  or  withdrawal  of  Deemed  Export benefits. Notwithstanding the foregoing, such additional or reduced costs shall not be 
separately paid or credited if the same has already been accounted for in the price adjustment provisions where applicable, in accordance with the Appendix 2 to the Contract Agreement. 
 
37 Force Majure 
 
37.1 “Force Majeure” shall mean any event beyond the reasonable control of CESL or of the Implementing 
Partner, as the case may be, and which is unavoidable notwithstanding the reasonable care of the party 
affected. 
 
37.2 If either party is prevented, hindered or delayed from or in performing any of its obligations under the Contract by an event of Force Majeure, then it shall notify the other in writing of the occurrence of such 
event and the circumstances thereof within fourteen (14) days after the occurrence of such event. 
 
37.3 The  party  who  has  given  such  notice  shall  be  excused  from  the performance or punctual performance of its obligations under the Contract for so long as the relevant event of Force Majeure 
continues and to the extent that such party’s performance is prevented, hindered or delayed .The  Time  for  Completion  shall  be  extended  in  accordance  with  GCC Clause 40 (Extension of Time for Completion). 
 
37.4 The party or parties affected by the event of Force Majeure shall use reasonable efforts to mitigate the effect thereof upon its or their performance of the Contract and to fulfil its or their obligations under the Contract, but without prejudice to either party’s right to terminate the Contract under GCC Sub-Clauses 
37.6 and 38.5. 
 
37.5 No  delay  or  non  performance  by  either  party  hereto  caused  by  the occurrence of any event of 
Force Majeure shall 
a) constitute a default or breach of the Contract 
 
b)    (subject to GCC Sub-Clauses 32.2, 38.3 and 38.4) give rise to any claim for damages or additional cost or expense occasioned thereby  
 
If and to the extent that such delay or non  performance is caused by the occurrence of an event of Force 
Majeure. 
 
37.6 If the performance of the Contract is substantially prevented, hindered or delayed for a single period 
of more than sixty (60) days or an aggregate period of more than one hundred and twenty (120) days on 
account of one or more events of Force Majeure during the currency of the Contract, the parties will attempt 
to develop a mutually satisfactory solution, failing which the dispute shall be resolved in accordance with 
GCC Clause 6. 
 
37.7 Notwithstanding GCC Sub-Clause 37.5, Force Majeure shall not apply to any   obligation  of  the  CESL  to  make  payments  to  the  Implementing Partner herein. 
 
38 War Risks 
 
38.1 “War Risks” shall mean any of the following events occurring or existing in or near the country (or 

--- Page 83 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 45 of 
55 
 
countries) where the Site is located: 
 
a) war,  hostilities  or  warlike  operations  (whether  a  state  of  war  is declared or not), invasion, 
act of foreign enemy and civil war  
 
b) rebellion ,   revolution,  insurrection,  mutiny,  usurpation  of  civil  or military government, 
conspiracy, riot, civil commotion and terrorist acts, and 
 
c) any   explosion   or  impact  of  any  mine,  bomb,  shell,  grenade  or other projectile, missile, 
munitions or  explosive  of  war. 
 
38.2 Notwithstanding anything contained in the Contract, the Implementing Partner shall have no liability 
whatsoever for or with respect to 
a) destruction of or damage to Facilities, Plant & Equipment, or any part thereof 
 
b) destruction of or damage to property of CESL or any third party 
 
c) injury or loss of life 
 
if such destruction, damage, injury or loss of life is caused by any War Risks, and CESL shall indemnify 
and hold the Implementing Partner harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, actions, 
lawsuits, damages, costs, charges or expenses arising in consequence of or in connection with the same. 
 
38.3 If the Facilities or any Plant and Equipment or Implementing Partner’s Equipment or any other 
property of the Implementing Partner used or intended to be used for the purposes of the Facilities shall 
sustain destruction or damage by reason of any War Risks, CESL shall pay the Implementing Partner for  
 
a) any part of the Facilities or the Plant and Equipment so destroyed or damaged (to the extent not 
already paid for by CESL)  
b) replacing or making good any Implementing Partner’s Equipment or other property of the 
Implementing Partner so destroyed or damaged so far as may be required by CESL, and as may 
be necessary for completion of the Facilities,  
c) replacing or making good any such destruction or damage to the Facilities or the Plant and 
Equipment or any part thereof.  
If CESL does not require the Implementing Partner to replace or make good any such destruction or 
damage to the Facilities, CESL shall either request a change in accordance with GCC Clause 39 
(Change in the Facilities), excluding the performance of that part of the Facilities thereby destroyed 
or damaged or, where the loss, destruction or damage affects a substantial part of the Facilities, shall 
terminate the Contract, pursuant to GCC Sub-Clause 42.1 (Termination for CESL’s Convenience). 
 
38.4 Notwithstanding anything contained in the Contract, CESL shall pay the Implementing Partner for 
any increased costs or incidentals to the execution of the Contract that are in any way attributable to, 
consequent on, resulting from, or in any way connected with any War Risks, provided that the 
Implementing Partner shall as soon as practicable notify CESL in writing of any such increased cost. 
 
38.5 If during the performance of the Contract any War Risks shall occur that financially or otherwise 
materially affect the execution of the Contract by the Implementing Partner, the Implementing Partner 
shall use its reasonable efforts to execute the Contract with due and proper consideration given to the 
safety of its and its Sub Implementing Partners’ personnel engaged in the work on the Facilities, provided, 

--- Page 84 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 46 of 
55 
 
however, that if the execution of the work on the Facilities becomes impossible or is substantially 
prevented for a single period of more than sixty (60) days or an aggregate period of more than one hundred 
and twenty (120) days on account of any War Risks, the parties will attempt to develop a mutually 
satisfactory solution, failing which the dispute will be resolved in accordance with GCC Clause 6.  
 
38.6 In the event of termination pursuant to GCC Sub-Clauses 38.3, the rights and obligations of CESL 
and the Implementing Partner shall be specified in GCC Sub-Clauses 42.1.2 and 42.1.3, except that the 
Implementing Partner shall have no entitlement to profit under paragraph (e) of GCC Sub-Clause 42.1.3 
in respect of any unexecuted Facilities as of the date of termination.  
 
H. Change in Contract Element 
 
39.1 Changes in the Facilities  
 
39.1.1 CESL shall have the right to propose, and subsequently require,  that the Project Manager order the Implementing Partner from  time to time during the performance of the Contract to  make any change, 
modification, addition or deletion to, in or from the Facilities (hereinafter called “Change”), provided that such Change falls within the general scope of the Facilities and does not constitute unrelated work and that  
it is technically practicable, taking into account both the state of advancement of the Facilities and the technical compatibility  of the Change envisaged with the nature of the Facilities as specified in the Contract 
. 
 
39.1.2 The Implementing Partner may from time to time during its performance  of the Contract propose to CESL (with a copy to the Project Manager) any Change that the Implementing Partner considers 
necessary or  desirable  to  improve  the  quality,  efficiency  or  safety  of  the Facilities.  CESL may at its 
discretion approve or reject any Change proposed by the Implementing Partner. 
 
39.1.3 Notwithstanding GCC Sub-Clauses 39.1.1 and 39.1.2, no change made necessary because of any 
default of the Implementing Partner in the performance of its obligations under the Contract shall be deemed 
to  be  a  Change,  and  such  change  shall  not  result  in  any adjustment of the Contract Price or the 
Time for Completion. 
 
39.1.4 The procedure on how to proceed with and execute Changes is specified in GCC Sub-Clauses 39.2 
and 39.3. 
 
39.2 Changes Originating from CESL 
If CESL proposes a Change pursuant to GCC Sub-Clause 39.1.1, it shall send to the Implementing Partner 
a “Request for Change Proposal,” requiring the Implementing Partner to prepare and furnish to the Project 
Manager as soon as reasonably practicable a “Change Proposal,” which shall include the following: 
 
a) brief description of the Change 
b) effect on the Time for Completion 
c) estimated cost of the Change 
d) effect on Functional Guarantees (if any) 
e) effect on any other provisions of the Contract. 
 
39.2.2 The  pricing  of  any  Change  shall,  as  far  as  practicable,  be calculated in accordance with the 
rates and prices included in the  Contract.  If  the  rates  and  prices  of  any  change  are    in  the  Contract,  the  parties  thereto  shall  agree  on specific rates for the valuation of the Change. 
 
39.2.3 If before or during the preparation of the Change Proposal it becomes apparent that the aggregate 
effect of compliance therewith and with all other Change Orders that have already become binding upon 
the Implementing Partner under this GCC Clause 39 would be to increase or decrease the Contract Price 

--- Page 85 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 47 of 
55 
 
as originally set forth in Article 2 (Contract Price) of the Contract Agreement by more than fifteen (15) 
percent, the Implementing Partner may give a written notice of objection thereto prior to furnishing the 
Change Proposal as aforesaid. If CESL accepts the Implementing Partner’s objection, CESL and the 
Implementing Partner shall agree on specific rates for valuation of the change.  
 
39.2.4 Upon receipt of the Change Proposal, CESL and the Implementing Partner shall mutually agree 
upon all matters therein contained including agreement on rates if such rates are not available in the 
Contract or if the limit of 15% set forth in Clause 39.2.3 has been exceeded. Within fourteen (14) days 
after such agreement, CESL shall, if it intends to proceed with the Change, issue the Implementing Partner 
with a Change Order.  
 
If CESL is unable to reach a decision within fourteen (14) days, it shall notify the Implementing Partner 
with details of when the Implementing Partner can expect a decision. 
 
If CESL decides not to proceed with the Change for whatever reason, it shall, within the said period of 
fourteen (14) days, notify the Implementing Partner accordingly. 
 
39.2.5 If CESL and the Implementing Partner cannot reach agreement on the price for the Change, an 
equitable adjustment to the Time for Completion, or any other matters identified in the Change Proposal, 
CESL may nevertheless instruct the Implementing Partner to proceed with the Change by issue of a 
“Pending Agreement Change Order.”  
 
Upon receipt  of  a  Pending  Agreement  Change  Order,  the  Implementing Partner shall  immediately  
proceed  with  effecting  the Changes covered by such Order. The parties shall thereafter attempt to 
reach agreement on the outstanding issues under the Change Proposal. 
 
39.3 Changes Originating from Implementing Partner 
 
39.3.1 If the Implementing Partner proposes a Change pursuant to GCC Sub-Clause 39.1.2, the 
Implementing Partner shall submit to the Project Manager a written “Application for Change Proposal,” 
giving reasons for the proposed Change and including the information specified in GCC Sub-Clause 
39.2.1.  
 
Upon receipt of the Application for Change Proposal, the parties shall follow the procedures outlined in 
GCC Sub-Clauses 39.2.4 and 39.2.5 
 
40. Extension of Time for Completion 
 
40.1 The Time(s) for Completion specified in the SCC shall be extended if the Implementing Partner  is  
delayed  or  impeded  in  the  performance  of  any of  its obligations under the Contract by reason of any 
of the following: 
 
a) any Change in the Facilities as provided in GCC Clause 39 (Change in the Facilities) 
 
b) any  occurrence  of Force Majeure as provided in GCC Clause 37 (Force Majeure), unforeseen conditions as provided in GCC Clause 35  (Unforeseen  Conditions),  or  other  occurrence  of  any  of  the matters specified or referred to in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) of GCC Sub-Clause 32.2  
c) any suspension order given by CESL under GCC Clause 41 (Suspension) hereof or reduction in the rate of progress pursuant to GCC Sub-Clause 41.2 or 
 
d) any changes in laws and regulations as provided in GCC Clause 36 (Change in Laws and 

--- Page 86 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 48 of 
55 
 
Regulations) or 
 
e) any default or breach of the Contract by CESL, specifically including failure to supply the items 
listed in Appendix 6 (Scope of Works and Supply by CESL) to the Contract Agreement, or any 
activity, act or omission of any other Implementing Partners employed by CESL or 
 
f) any other matter specifically mentioned in the Contract; 
 
by such period as shall be fair and reasonable in all the circumstances and as shall fairly reflect the delay 
or impediment sustained by the Implementing Partner. 
 
40.2 Except where otherwise specifically provided in the Contract, the Implementing Partner shall submit 
to the Project Manager a notice of a claim for an extension of the Time for Completion, together with 
particulars of the event or circumstance justifying such extension as soon as reasonably practicable after 
the commencement of such event or circumstance. As soon as reasonably practicable after receipt of 
such notice and supporting particulars of the claim, CESL and the Implementing Partner shall agree upon 
the period of such extension. In the event that the Implementing Partner does not accept CESL’s estimate 
of a fair and reasonable time extension, the Implementing Partner shall be entitled to refer the matter to 
the Adjudicator, pursuant to GCC Sub-Clause 6.1 (Adjudicator).  
 
40.3 The Implementing Partner shall at all times use its reasonable efforts to minimize any delay in the 
performance of its obligations under the Contract.  
 
41. Suspension 
 
41.1 CESL/ Project Manager may, by notice to the Implementing Partner, order the Implementing Partner 
to suspend performance of any or all of its obligations under the Contract.   Such notice shall specify the 
obligation of which performance is to be suspended, the effective date of the suspension and the reasons therefore. The  Implementing Partner   shall thereupon  suspend performance of such obligation (except 
those obligations necessary for the  care  or  preservation  of  the  Facilities)  until  ordered  in  writing  to 
resume such performance by the Project Manager/ CESL. 
 
If, by virtue of a suspension order given by the Project Manager/CESL other than by reason of the Implementing Partner’s default or breach of the Contract, the Implementing Partner’s performance of any 
of its obligations is suspended for an  aggregate  period  of  more  than  ninety  (90)  days,  then  at  any  time 
thereafter  and  provided  that  at  that  time  such  performance  is  still suspended,  the  Implementing Partner  may  give  a  notice  to  the  Project  Manager requiring that CESL shall, within twenty-eight (28) 
days of receipt of the notice, order the resumption  of such performance or request and subsequently order a change in accordance with GCC Clause 39 (Change in the Facilities), excluding the  performance of the suspended obligations from the Contract. 
 
If CESL fails to do so within such period, the Implementing Partner may, by a further notice to the Project 
Manager, elect to treat the suspension, where it affects a part only of the Facilities, as a deletion of such 
part in accordance with GCC Clause 39 (Change in the Facilities) or, where it affects the whole of the 
Facilities, as termination of the Contract under GCC Sub-Clause 42.1 (Termination for CESL’s 
Convenience). 
 
41.2 If  
a) CESL has failed to pay the Implementing Partner any sum due under the Contract within the 
specified period, has failed to approve any invoice or supporting documents without just cause 
pursuant to Appendix 1 (Terms and Procedures of Payment) to the Contract Agreement, or 
commits a substantial breach of the Contract, the Implementing Partner may give a notice to CESL 

--- Page 87 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 49 of 
55 
 
that requires payment of  such  sum,  requires  approval  of  such  invoice  or  supporting 
documents, or specifies the breach and requires CESL to remedy the same, as the case may be.   
If CESL fails to pay such sum, fails to approve such invoice or supporting documents or give its reasons for withholding such approval, or fails to remedy the breach or take steps to remedy the 
breach within fourteen (14) days after receipt of the Implementing Partner’s notice or 
 
b) the Implementing Partner is unable to carry out any of its obligations under the Contract for any reason attributable to CESL,  including but not limited to CESL’s failure to provide possession of or access to the Site or other areas in accordance with GCC Sub-Clause 10.2, or failure to obtain any governmental permit necessary for the execution and/or completion of the Facilities; then the 
Implementing Partner may by fourteen (14) days’ notice to CESL suspend performance of all or 
any of its obligations under the Contract, or reduce the rate of progress. 
 
41.3  If the Implementing Partner’s performance of its obligations is suspended or the rate of progress is 
reduced pursuant to this GCC Clause 41, then the Time for Completion shall be extended in accordance 
with GCC Sub-Clause 40.1, and any and all additional costs or expenses incurred by the Implementing 
Partner as a result of such suspension or reduction shall be paid by CESL to the Implementing Partner in 
addition to the Contract Price, except in the case of suspension order or reduction in the rate of progress 
by reason of the Implementing Partner’s default or breach of the Contract.  
 
41.4 During the period of suspension, the Implementing Partner shall not remove from the Site any Plant 
and Equipment, any part of the Facilities or any Implementing Partner’s Equipment, without the prior 
written consent of CESL.  
 
42. Termination 
 
42.1 Termination for CESL’s Convenience 
 
42.1.1 CESL may at any time terminate the Contract for any reason by giving the Implementing Partner a 
notice of termination that refers to this GCC Sub-Clause 42.1.  
 
42.1.2 Upon receipt of the notice of termination under GCC Sub-Clause 42.1.1, the Implementing Partner 
shall either immediately or upon the date specified in the notice of termination  
 
(a) cease all further work, except for such work as CESL may specify in the notice of termination for 
the sole purpose of protecting that part of the Facilities already executed, or any work required to 
leave the Site in a clean and safe condition  
 
(b) terminate all subcontracts, except those to be assigned to CESL pursuant to paragraph (d)(ii) 
below  
 
(c) remove all Implementing Partner’s Equipment from the Site, repatriate the Implementing 
Partner’s and its Sub Implementing Partners’ personnel from the Site, remove from the Site any 
wreckage, rubbish and debris of any kind, and leave the whole of the Site in a clean and safe 
condition. 
 
(d) In addition, the Implementing Partner, subject to the payment specified in GCC Sub-Clause 
42.1.3, shall  
 

--- Page 88 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 50 of 
55 
 
(i) Deliver to CESL the parts of the Facilities executed by the Implementing Partner up to the 
date of termination  
 
(ii) to the extent legally possible, assign to CESL all right, title and benefit of the Implementing 
Partner to the Facilities and to the Plant and Equipment as at the date of termination, and, as 
may be required by CESL, in any subcontracts concluded between the Implementing Partner 
and its Sub Implementing Partners 
 
(iii) deliver to CESL all non-proprietary drawings, specifications and other documents prepared 
by the Implementing Partner or its SubImplementing Partners as at the date of termination in 
connection with the Facilities.  
 
42.1.3 In the event of termination of the Contract under GCC Sub-Clause 42.1.1, CESL shall pay to the 
Implementing Partner the following amounts:  
 
(a) the Contract Price, properly attributable to the parts of the Facilities executed by the Implementing 
Partner as of the date of termination  
(b) the costs reasonably incurred by the Implementing Partner in the removal of the Implementing 
Partner’s Equipment from the Site and in the repatriation of the Implementing Partner’s and its 
SubImplementing Partners’ personnel. 
 
(c) any amounts to be paid by the Implementing Partner to its SubImplementing Partners in 
connection with the termination of any subcontracts, including any cancellation charges. 
 
(d) costs incurred by the Implementing Partner in protecting the Facilities and leaving the Site in a 
clean and safe condition pursuant to paragraph (a) of GCC Sub-Clause 42.1.2  
 
(e) the cost of satisfying all other obligations, commitments and claims that the Implementing Partner 
may in good faith have undertaken with third parties in connection with the Contract and that are 
not covered by paragraphs (a) through (d) above.  
 
 42.2 Termination for Contractor or Implementing Partner’s Default  
 
42.2.1 CESL, without prejudice to any other rights or remedies it may possess, may terminate the Contract 
forthwith in the following circumstances by giving a notice of termination and its reasons therefor to the 
Implementing Partner, referring to this GCC Sub-Clause 42.2:  
 
(a) if the Implementing Partner becomes bankrupt or insolvent, has a receiving order issued against 
it, compounds with its creditors, or, if the Implementing Partner is a corporation, a resolution is 
passed or order is made for its winding up (other than a voluntary liquidation for the purposes of 
amalgamation or reconstruction), a receiver is appointed over any part of its undertaking or assets, 
or if the Implementing Partner takes or suffers any other analogous action in consequence of debt. 
 
 
(b) if the Implementing Partner assigns or transfers the Contract or any right or interest therein in 
violation of the provision of GCC Clause 43 (Assignment).  
 

--- Page 89 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 51 of 
55 
 
(c) if the Implementing Partner, in the judgement of CESL has engaged in corrupt or fraudulent 
practices in competing for or in executing the Contract.  
 
           For the purpose of this Sub-Clause:  
 
"corrupt practice" means the offering, giving, receiving or soliciting of any thing of value to influence    
the action of a public official in the procurement process or in contract execution.  
 
"fraudulent practice" means a misrepresentation of facts in order to influence a procurement process 
or the execution of a contract to the detriment of CESL and includes collusive practice among Bidders 
(prior to or after bid submission) designed to establish bid prices at artificial non-competitive levels 
and to deprive CESL of the benefits of free and open competition.  
 
42.2.2 If the Implementing Partner 
 
(a) has abandoned or repudiated the Contract  
(b)  has without valid reason failed to commence work on the Facilities promptly or has suspended 
(other than pursuant to GCC Sub-Clause 41.2) the progress of Contract performance for more 
than twenty-eight (28) days after receiving a written instruction from CESL to proceed 
(c) persistently fails to execute the Contract in accordance with the Contract or persistently neglects 
to carry out its obligations under the Contract without just cause  
(d) refuses or is unable to provide sufficient materials, services or labor to execute and complete the 
Facilities in the manner specified in the program furnished under GCC Clause 18 (Program of 
Performance) at rates of progress that give reasonable assurance to CESL that the Implementing 
Partner can attain Completion of the Facilities by the Time for Completion as extended  then 
CESL may, without prejudice to any other rights it may possess under the Contract, give a notice 
to the Implementing Partner stating the nature of the default and requiring the Implementing 
Partner to remedy the same. If the Implementing Partner fails to remedy or to take steps to remedy 
the same within fourteen (14) days of its receipt of such notice, then CESL may terminate the 
Contract forthwith by giving a notice of termination to the Implementing Partner that refers to this 
GCC Sub-Clause 42.2. 
 
42.2.3 Upon receipt of the notice of termination under GCC Sub-Clauses 42.2.1 or 42.2.2, the 
Implementing Partner shall, either immediately or upon such date as is specified in the notice of 
termination,  
 
cease all further work, except for such work as CESL may specify in the notice of termination for the sole 
purpose of protecting that part of the Facilities already executed, or any work required to leave the Site in 
a clean and safe condition 
 
(a) terminate all subcontracts, except those to be assigned to CESL pursuant to paragraph (d) below  
(b) deliver to CESL the parts of the Facilities executed by the Implementing Partner up to the date of 
termination.  
(c) to the extent legally possible, assign to CESL all right, title and benefit of the Implementing 
Partner to the Works. and to the Plant and Equipment as at the date of termination, and, as may be 
required by CESL, in any subcontracts concluded between the Implementing Partner and its 
SubImplementing Partners.  
(d) deliver to CESL all drawings, specifications and other documents prepared by the Implementing 
Partner or its SubImplementing Partners as at the date of termination in connection with the 

--- Page 90 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 52 of 
55 
 
Facilities.  
 
42.2.4 CESL may enter upon the Site, expel the Implementing Partner, and complete the Facilities itself 
or by employing any third party. CESL may, to the exclusion of any right of the Implementing Partner 
over the same, take over and use with the payment of a fair rental rate to the Implementing Partner, with 
all the maintenance costs to the account of CESL and with an indemnification by CESL for all liability 
including damage or injury to persons arising out of CESL’s use of such equipment, any Implementing 
Partner’s Equipment owned by the Implementing Partner and on the Site in connection with the Facilities 
for such reasonable period as CESL considers expedient for the supply and installation of the Facilities.  
 
Upon completion of the Facilities or at such earlier date as CESL thinks appropriate, CESL shall give 
notice to the Implementing Partner that such Implementing Partner’s Equipment will be returned to the 
Implementing Partner at or near the Site and shall return such Implementing Partner’s Equipment to the 
Implementing Partner in accordance with such notice. The Implementing Partner shall thereafter without 
delay and at its cost remove or arrange removal of the same from the Site. 
 
42.2.5 Subject to GCC Sub-Clause 42.2.6, the Implementing Partner shall be entitled to be paid the 
Contract Price attributable to the Facilities executed as at the date of termination, the value of any unused 
or partially used Plant and Equipment on the Site, and the costs, if any, incurred in protecting the Facilities 
and in leaving the Site in a clean and safe condition pursuant to paragraph (a) of GCC Sub-Clause 42.2.3. 
Any sums due to CESL from the Implementing Partner accruing prior to the date of termination shall be 
deducted from the amount to be paid to the Implementing Partner under this Contract.  
 
42.2.6 If CESL completes the Facilities, the cost of completing the Facilities by CESL shall be determined.  
 
If the sum that the Implementing Partner is entitled to be paid, pursuant to GCC Sub-Clause 42.2.5, plus 
the reasonable costs incurred by CESL in completing the Facilities, exceeds the Contract Price, the 
Implementing Partner shall be liable for such excess.  
 
If such excess is greater than the sums due to the Implementing Partner under GCC Sub-Clause 42.2.5, 
the Implementing Partner shall pay the balance to CESL, and if such excess is less than the sums due to 
the Implementing Partner under GCC Sub-Clause 42.2.5, CESL shall pay the balance to the Implementing 
Partner.  
 
CESL and the Implementing Partner shall agree, in writing, on the computation described above and the 
manner in which any sums shall be paid. 
 
42.3 Termination by Contractor or Implementing Partner 
 
42.3.1 If 
(a) CESL has failed to pay the Implementing Partner any sum due under the Contract within the specified 
period, has failed to approve any invoice or supporting documents without just cause pursuant to Appendix 
1 (Terms and Procedures of Payment) of the Contract Agreement, or commits a substantial breach of the 
Contract, the Implementing Partner may give a notice to CESL that requires payment of such sum, requires 
approval of such invoice or supporting documents, or specifies the breach and requires CESL to remedy 
the same, as the case may be. If CESL fails to pay such sum, fails to approve such invoice or supporting 
documents or give its reasons for withholding such approval, fails to remedy the breach or take steps to 
remedy the breach within fourteen (14) days after receipt of the Implementing Partner’s notice, or  

--- Page 91 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 53 of 
55 
 
 
(b) the Implementing Partner is unable to carry out any of its obligations under the Contract for any reason 
attributable to CESL, including but not limited to CESL’s failure to provide possession of or access to the 
Site or other areas or failure to obtain any governmental permit necessary for the execution and/or 
completion of the Facilities which CESL is required to obtain as per provision of the Contract or as per 
relevant applicable laws of the country,  
then the Implementing Partner may give a notice to CESL thereof, and if CESL has failed to pay the 
outstanding sum, to approve the invoice or supporting documents, to give its reasons for withholding such 
approval, or to remedy the breach within twenty-eight (28) days of such notice, or if the Implementing 
Partner is still unable to carry out any of its obligations under the Contract for any reason attributable to 
CESL within twenty-eight (28) days of the said notice, the Implementing Partner may by a further notice 
to CESL referring to this GCC Sub-Clause 42.3.1, forthwith terminate the Contract. 
 
42.3.2 The Implementing Partner may terminate the Contract forthwith by giving a notice to CESL to that 
effect, referring to this GCC Sub-Clause 42.3.2, if CESL becomes bankrupt or insolvent, has a receiving 
order issued against it, compounds with its creditors, or, being a corporation, if a resolution is passed or 
order is made for its winding up (other than a voluntary liquidation for the purposes of amalgamation or 
reconstruction), a receiver is appointed over any part of its undertaking or assets, or if CESL takes or 
suffers any other analogous action in consequence of debt.  
 
42.3.3 If the Contract is terminated under GCC Sub-Clauses 42.3.1 or 42.3.2, then the Implementing 
Partner shall immediately   
(a)  cease all further work, except for such work as may be necessary for the purpose of protecting 
that part of the Facilities already executed, or any work required to leave the Site in a clean and 
safe condition  
(b)  terminate all subcontracts, except those to be assigned to CESL pursuant to paragraph (d)(ii)  
(c)  remove all Implementing Partner’s Equipment from the Site and repatriate the Implementing 
Partner’s and its Sub Implementing Partner’s personnel from the Site  
(d)  In addition, the Implementing Partner, subject to the payment specified in GCC Sub-Clause 
 
42.3.4, shall  
 
(i)    deliver   to CESL the parts of the Facilities executed  by  the  Implementing Partner  up  to  the  
date  of termination 
(ii)   to the extent legally possible, assign to CESL all  right,  title  and  benefit  of  the Implementing Partner  to  the Facilities and to the Plant and Equipment as of the date of termination, and, as may be required by CESL, in any subcontracts concluded between the Implementing Partner 
and its Sub Implementing Partners 
(iii) deliver to CESL all drawings, specifications and other documents prepared by the Implementing Partner or its Sub Implementing Partners as of the date of termination in connection with the 
Facilities. 
 
42.3.4 If the Contract is terminated under GCC Sub-Clauses 42.3.1 or42.3.2, CESL shall pay to the 
Implementing Partner all payments specified   in   GCC   Sub-Clause   42.1.3,   and   reasonable 
compensation for all loss or damage sustained by the Implementing Partner arising  out  of,  in  connection  with  or  in consequence  of  such termination. 
 
42.3.5 Termination by the Implementing Partner pursuant to this GCC Sub-Clause 42.3 is without prejudice 

--- Page 92 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 54 of 
55 
 
to any other rights or remedies of the Implementing Partner  that  may  be  exercised  in  lieu  of  or  in  addition  to rights conferred by GCC Sub-Clause 42.3. 
 
42.4 In this GCC Clause 42, the expression “Facilities executed” shall include all work executed, 
Installation Services provided, any or all Plant and Equipment acquired (or subject to a legally binding obligation to purchase by the Implementing Partner and used or intended to be used for the purpose of the 
Facilities, up to and including the date of termination. 
42.5 In this GCC Clause 42, in calculating any monies due from CESL to the Implementing Partner, 
account shall be taken of any sum previously paid by CESL to the Implementing Partner under the Contract, including any advance payment paid pursuant to Appendix 1 (Terms and Procedures of Payment) to the 
Contract Agreement. 
43. Assignment 
 
43.1 The Implementing Partner shall not, without the express prior written consent of CESL, assign to any 
third party the Contract or any part thereof, or any right, benefit, obligation or interest therein or thereunder, except that the Implementing Partner shall be entitled to assign either absolutely or by way of charge any 
monies due and payable to it or that may become due and payable to it under the Contract. 
 
44. Bankruptcy 
 
If the Contractor shall become bankrupt or have a receiving order made against him or compound with 
his creditors, or being a corporation commence to be wound up, not being a voluntary winding up for the 
purpose only of amalgamation 
/ reconstruction,  or  carry  on its business under a receiver  for  the  benefit  of  its creditors or any of 
them, the Owner ill be at liberty : 
 
to terminate the contract forthwith by notice in writing to the liquidator or receiver  or to any person in 
whom the contract may become vested & to act in the  manner provided in GCC clause 42 entitled 
"Termination" as though the last  mentioned notice has been the notice referred to in such clause and the  
equipment  and  materials  have  been  taken  out  of  the contractor's hands. 
 
to give such liquidator, receiver or other person, the option of carrying out the  contract subject to his 
providing a guarantee, for the due and faithful performance  of  the  contract  up  to  an  amount  to  be  
determined  by  the Owner. 
 
45. Contractor Performance & Feedback and Evaluation System 
 
CESL has in place an established 'Contractor Performance & Feedback System' against which the 
contractors performance during the execution of contract shall be evaluated on a continuous basis at 
regular intervals. In case the performance of the contractor is found unsatisfactory on any of the following 
four parameters, the contractor shall be considered ineligible for participating in future tenders for a period 
as may be decided by CESL. 
Financial Status 
Project Execution & Project Management Capability 
Engineering & QA Capability 
Claims & Disputes. 
 
46. Fraud Prevention Policy 
 
The contractor along with their associate/collaborator/sub-contractors/sub-vendors/ consultants/service 
providers shall strictly adhere to the Fraud Prevention Policy of EESL displayed on its tender website 

--- Page 93 ---
NIT/BID Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015 dated: 
09.01.2026 
SECTION - 3 
(GCC) 
Page 55 of 
55 
 
www.eeslindia.org 
 
The Contractor along with their associate/collaborator/sub-contractors/sub-vendors/ consultants/service 
providers shall observe the highest standard of ethics and shall not indulge or allow anybody else working 
in their organisation to indulge in fraudulent activities during execution of the contract. The contractor 
shall immediately apprise CESL about any fraud or suspected fraud  as soon as it comes to their notice. 
 
47. Fall Clause 
 
This clause shall be applicable only if explicitly invoked in Section-4 (SCC). Nevertheless, Fall Clause 
shall be expressly applicable in case of Rate Contract: 
1) The price charged for the Goods supplied under the contract by the contractor shall in no event 
exceed the lowest price at which the contractor sells the Goods or offers to sell Goods of identical 
description, to any persons/ organisations including the CESL or any Department or Undertaking 
of the Central Government, as the case may be during the currency of the contract. Contractor 
shall forthwith notify such reduction or sale or offer of sale to the Procuring Entity and the price 
payable under the contract for the Goods supplied after the date of coming into force or such 
reduction or sale or offer of sale shall stand correspondingly reduced. 
2) The above stipulation shall, however, not apply to: 
(a) Exports by the contractor 
(b) Sale of Goods as original equipment at prices lower than the prices charged for normal 
replacement 
(c) Sale of perishable Goods having a limited shelf life, such as drugs that have expiry dates 
3) the contractor shall furnish the following certificate to the concerned Accounts Officer with each 
bill for payment of supplies made against the contract. 
* We certify that there has been no reduction in the sale price of the Goods of description identical to the 
Goods supplied to the Procuring Entity under the contract herein, and such Goods have not been offered/ 
sold by me/ us to any person/ organisation including any Ministry/ Department/ Attached and Subordinate 
Office/ Public Sector Undertaking of Central or State Government(s) as the case may be upto the date of 
bill/ the date of completion of Contract at a price lower than the price charged under this contract except 
for the quantity of Goods categories under (a), (b) and (c) of sub-clause (2) above, details of which are as 
follows:-” 
 

--- Page 94 ---
 
 
 
SECTION- 4 
Request for Proposal (RfP)  
For 
Selection of Bus Operator for Procurement, Supply, Operation & Maintenance and 
Development of Allied Electric & Civil Infrastructure on Gross Cost Contracting (GCC) for 
2,900 Electric Buses under PM E-DRIVE Scheme Tender-II & 3,330 for NCT of Delhi totaling 
to 6,230 number of electric buses  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
January 2026 

--- Page 95 ---
 
2 | P A G E 
 
SECTION-4 
(Note: The terms and conditions stipulated herein that is section-4 will supersede any 
contradictory/similar/overlapping terms and conditions in any other section/part of tender) 
Name of Work: -: Selection of Bus Operator for Procurement, Supply, Operation & 
Maintenance and Development of Allied Electric & Civil Infrastructure on Gross Cost 
Contracting (GCC) for 2,900 Electric Buses under PM E-DRIVE Scheme Tender-II & 3,330 for 
Delhi totaling to 6,230 number of electric buses 
NIT/Bid Document No.: CESL/06/2025-26/PM E-Drive/252601015                  Dated 09.01.2026 
This Section 4 of Request for Proposal (RfP) comprises of three volumes: 
 Instructions to Bidders (Volume 1) 
 Concession Agreement (Volume 2) 
 Technical Specifications (Volume 3) 
The Bidder is expected to examine all Instructions to Bidders, Concession Agreement and Technical 
Specifications in the RfP Document and to furnish with its Proposal all information or documentation as 
is required by the RfP Document. 
The bidding documents including this RfP Document and all attached documents are and shall remain 
the property of Convergence Energy Services Limited (CESL) and are transmitted to the Bidders solely 
for the purpose of preparation and the submission of their respective Proposal in accordance herewith. 
Bidders are to treat all information as strictly confidential and shall not use it for any purpose other than 
for preparation and submission of their Proposal. CESL will not return any Proposal, or any information 
provided along therewith. 
The statements and explanations contained in this RfP are intended to provide an understanding to the 
Bidders about the subject matter of this RfP and shall not be construed or interpreted as limiting in any 
way or manner whatsoever the scope of services, work and obligations of the Selected Bidder to be set 
forth in the Concession Agreement or the Authority, the Authority’s right to amend, alter, change, 
supplement or clarify the scope of service and work, the Concession Agreement to be awarded pursuant 
to the RfP Document including the terms thereof, and this RfP including terms herein contained. 
Consequently, any omissions, conflicts or contradictions in the Bidding Document including this RfP 
are to be noted, interpreted, and applied appropriately to give effect to this intent and no claim on that 
account shall be entertained by either CESL or the Authority. 
  

--- Page 96 ---
 
3 | P A G E 
 
DISCLAIMER  
1. This Request for Proposal (RfP) document is not an agreement or offer by CESL to the prospective 
Bidders or to any other party. The purpose of this RfP document is to provide interested parties with 
information to assist the formulation of their Bid. The RfP document is based on material and 
information available in public domain. 
2. This RfP, is not transferable and the information contained therein are to be used only by the person 
to whom it is issued. It may not be copied or distributed by the recipient to third parties (other than 
in confidence to the recipient's professional advisors). If the recipient does not continue with its 
involvement in the Project in accordance with this RfP, this RfP must be kept confidential. 
3. While this RfP has been prepared in good faith, neither CESL nor its employees or 
advisors/consultants make any representation or warranty expressed or implied as to the accuracy, 
reliability or completeness of the information contained in this RfP. The Bidders shall satisfy 
themselves, on receipt of the RfP document, that the RfP document is complete in all respects. 
Intimation of any discrepancy shall be given to this office immediately. If no intimation is received 
from any Bidder within ten (10) days from the date of issue of this RfP document on or before the 
date & time mentioned in this RfP, it shall be considered that the issued document, complete in all 
respects, has been received by the Bidders.  
4. This RfP document includes statements, which reflect various assumptions arrived at by CESL to 
give a reflection of current status in the RfP. These assumptions should not be entirely relied upon 
by Bidders in making their own assessments. This RfP document does not purport to contain all the 
information each Bidder may require and may not be appropriate for all persons. It is not possible 
for CESL to consider the investment objectives, financial situation and particular needs of each party 
who reads or uses this RfP document. Certain Bidders may have a better knowledge of the Project 
than the others. Each Bidder should conduct its own investigations and analysis and should check 
the accuracy, reliability and completeness of the information in this RfP document and obtain 
independent advice from appropriate sources. 
5. Neither CESL, its employees nor its consultants will have any liability to any Bidder or any other 
person under the law of contract, tort, the principles of restitution or unjust enrichment or otherwise 
for any loss, expense or damage which may arise from or be incurred or suffered in connection with 
anything contained in this RfP document, any matter deemed to form part of this RfP document, the 
award of the Project, the information supplied by or on behalf of CESL or its employees, any 
consultants or otherwise arising in any way from the qualification process for the said Project. 
6. By participating in the bidding process, each of the Bidder shall have acknowledged and accepted 
that it has not been induced to enter into such agreement by any representation or warranty, 
expressed or implied, or relied upon any such representation or warranty by or on behalf of CESL 
or any person working in the bidding process. 
7. CESL may in its absolute discretion, but without being under any obligation to do so, update, amend 
or supplement this RfP document. Such updates, amendments, or supplements, if any, will however 
be circulated to the Bidders within a reasonable time prior to the last date for submission of Bid. 
8. Each Bidder unconditionally agrees, understands, and accepts that the CESL reserves the rights to 
accept or reject any or all Bids without giving any reason. Neither CESL nor its advisers shall 
entertain any claim of any nature, whatsoever, including without limitations, any claim seeking 
expenses in relation to the preparation of Bids. 
9. This RfP may be withdrawn or cancelled by the CESL at any time without assigning any reasons 
thereof. CESL further reserves the right, at its complete discretion to reject any or all the Bids 
without assigning any reasons whatsoever. 
 
 

--- Page 97 ---
 
4 | P A G E 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Volume 1 – Instructions to Bidders 
 
 
 
 
  

--- Page 98 ---
 
5 
TABLE OF CONTENT 
VOLUME 1 – INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS 4  
TABLE OF CONTENT 5  
1. DEFINITIONS 6  
2. BACKGROUND 7  
3. ABOUT CESL 10  
4. SCOPE OF WORK 10  
5. BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE BIDDING PROCESS 11  
6. PROJECT MANAGEMENT CHARGES 13  
7. EARNEST MONEY DEPOSIT (EMD) / BID SECURITY 14  
8. BIDDING CONDITION FOR SINGLE BIDDER/ CONSORTIUM AND 
FORMATION OF PROJECT IMPLEMENTING ENTITY (SPV) 15  
9. ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA AND QUALIFICATION CRITERIA 17 
10. SUBMISSION OF THE BID 25  
11. CONFLICT OF INTEREST 25  
12. EVALUATION AND ALLOCATION PROCESS 27  
13. PREPARATION AND SUBMISSION OF TECHNICAL BID AND PRICE BID 31 
14. DOCUMENTS COMPRISING TECHNICAL AND FINANCIAL BID 32 
15. OTHER REQUIREMENTS 33  
16. REJECTION OF BID 34  
17. SIGNING OF CONCESSION AGREEMENT 35  
18. CONTACTS DURING BID EVALUATION 36  
19. CONFIDENTIALITY AND PROPRIETARY DATA 36  
20. FRAUDULENT AND CORRUPT PRACTICES 36  
21. INSPECTION AND PROCUREMENT SCHEDULE 38  
22. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 38  
23. INDEMNITY 39  
24. INDIGENIZATION REQUIREMENT 39  
ANNEXURE A: PRICE BID FORMAT 40  
ANNEXURE B: CITY-WISE DEMAND 43  
ANNEXURE C: DEPOT DETAILS 44  
ANNEXURE D: LIST OF APPLICABLE LAWS 49  
ANNEXURE E: BIDDER AFFIDAVIT 50  
 
  

--- Page 99 ---
 
6 
1. DEFINITIONS 
1.1 “Associate/ Parent” means a Company that either directly or indirectly controls or is controlled or is 
under common Control (sister concern) with a Bidder and hereinafter is referred to as Associate or Parent, 
as the case maybe. 
1.2 “Applicable Laws” shall mean the laws and any other instruments having the force of law in India as 
they may be issued and in force from time to time and a list of such laws is placed at Annexure D 
1.3 "Authority" shall mean public transport corporations/ state transit authority/ state transport undertakings 
and/ or any entity owned by the government (central/ state/ municipal) which is engaged in public 
transport services and is a party to the Concession Agreement. 
1.4 “Bidder(s)” shall mean individual entity or a Consortium of entities, as the case maybe, bidding in 
response to this RfP. 
1.5 “Bid Due Date” means the last date by which the Bidder(s) can submit their bid in response to this RfP 
along with all other relevant documents to CESL as per the timeline defined in Clause 21.3 of RfP 
Volume 1. 
1.6 “Control” means the following:  
a. The ownership of common shareholders, directly or indirectly (i.e., together with one or more of its 
subsidiaries/Holding companies), of at least 51% of the voting shares/ shareholding of the firm in 
question, OR 
b. The right to appoint majority of the directors or to control the management or policy decisions 
exercisable by a person or persons acting individually or in concert, directly or indirectly, including 
by virtue of their shareholding or management rights or shareholders agreements or voting 
agreements or in any other manner. 
 
1.7 “Electric Bus/ e-Buses/ Buses” means a bus complying with Standards and Specifications as detailed in 
Volume 3 “Technical Specifications of e-buses”.   
1.8 “Eligible Projects” shall mean Infrastructure Projects defined according to Department of Economic 
Affair (GoI) vide F. No. 13/6/2009-INF dated 7, October 2013 “Harmonised Master List of 
Infrastructure Sub-Sectors” notified by Ministry of Finance, and as amended from time to time. 
Additionally, for the purpose of this RfP, Eligible Projects will also include commercial vehicle 
(minimum 4-wheels) operations. 
1.9 “Gross Cost Contract” means a contract whereby the procuring Authority retains the right to receipt of 
passenger revenue and therefore carries the financial risk while the Operator is responsible for providing 
the service and bears the cost risk of the Buses & related infrastructure. Furthermore, under a Gross Cost 
Contract the procuring Authority pays the Operator for its services, a specified rate which is discovered 
through a competitive bidding process and these services are provided for a specified period as per the 
terms of the Agreement.  
1.10 “OEM” means Original Equipment Manufacturer of Buses which is a registered bus manufacturer in 
India under applicable laws. 

--- Page 100 ---
 
7 
1.11 “Project Implementing Entity or Special Purpose Vehicle or SPV” means an entity which is 
incorporated by the Selected Bidder(s) for executing the Agreement and implementing the Project.  
“Selected Bidder(s)” refers to a bidder who has been issued a Letter of Confirmation of Quantity (“LoCQ”) by 
CESL for the respective Cities/PTAs, States, or Union Territories, in accordance with Clause 12 of RfP 
Volume 
2. BACKGROUND 
India is at the cusp of an e-mobility revolution. The Government of India (GoI) is moving towards accelerated 
adoption of EVs to cut down its fuel import bills, carbon emissions and air pollution. It has announced a target 
to reach 30% EV adoption by 2030.Government of India aims to augment public sector bus fleet with a view to 
strengthening, modernizing, and greening public transport in India. An increase in the number of Electric buses 
on Indian roads will help to enhance economic development commuter mobility, local production, reduce air 
pollution, climate change and increase in employment. Crucially, changing to Electric Buses will reduce fossil 
fuel import bills.  
Government of India approved Phase-II of FAME India scheme for a period of three years, commencing from 
01st April 2019, which was further extended till 31st March 2024. Subsequently, Government of India has 
notified ‘PM Electric Drive Revolution in Innovative Vehicle Enhancement (PM E-DRIVE) Scheme' on 
29.09.2024 to provide impetus to the green mobility & development of EV eco-system in the country. The PM 
E-DRIVE Scheme, with an outlay of ₹10,900 crore, shall be implemented from 1st October 2024 to 31st March 
2028 (or as extended by MHI, GoI), for faster adoption of electric vehicles (EVs), setting up of charging 
infrastructure and development of EV manufacturing eco-system in the country. Further, EMPS-2024 being 
implemented for the period from 1st April 2024 to 30th September 2024 is subsumed under this Scheme. This 
Bid document is being issued under the guidelines for PM E-DRIVE, notified by Ministry of Heavy Industries 
(MHI), and the guidelines can be accessed at the link: 
https://pmedrive.heavyindustries.gov.in/policy_document  
Under phase-I tender, CESL successfully concluded 10,900 buses for five cities (Ahmedabad, Bengaluru, Delhi, 
Surat and Hyderabad).  
Demand Incentive under the Scheme: The Scheme envisages an outlay of ₹4,391 crore for roll out of 14,028 
e-buses. Only e-buses with ex-factory price less than ₹2 crore will be incentivised under this Scheme. It is 
proposed to extend a uniform grant of ₹10,000 per kWh for both the years. The size of the e-buses and maximum 
incentive per e-bus is as follows: 
Table-1 Size and maximum incentive per e-bus 
e-bus size Maximum Incentive/ e-bus 
Standard bus, length >10m & <=12m ₹ 35,00,000 

--- Page 101 ---
 
8 
Midi bus, length >8m & <=10 m ₹ 25,00,000 
Mini bus, length >6m & <=8 m ₹ 20,00,000 
The e-bus grant will be lowest of the following: 
a) ₹10,000 multiplied by battery capacity measured in kWh 
b) Maximum incentive according to size of bus, as per table  above. 
c) 20% of cost of e-bus according to the price discovered through competitive bidding by CESL. 
Further under point-c above, for calculating the capital cost of the bus, the following formula shall be used: 
Net Present Value (NPV) of all future payments, using total minimum assured run in kilometers per month and 
total contract period, cost of the bus will be calculated using 10.5 % discount rate, to be compounded on 
monthly basis. This will be calculated using the following formula. 
𝐶𝑜𝑠𝑡 𝑜𝑓 𝐵𝑢𝑠=𝑎
𝑟൬1 − 1
(1 +𝑟)௡൰ 
Where, 
a - Monthly equal payment for Capital Cost 
= 0.5 * L1 GCC Rate * Assured monthly Kilometre run  
r - Monthly discount rate in decimals  
n - Contract Period in months 
Once the capital cost of the bus is calculated, the eligible grant incentive will be calculated @20% of the 
capital cost of the bus for point no. c. 
The grant for e-buses will be released to STUs as per the following milestones: 
Table-2: Milestones for release of payment for e-buses 
Instalment No. Milestones for release of instalment Percentage of support to 
be released by MHI 
1 After the issue of supply order and signing of 
agreement by STU with selected bidders; as 
mobilization advance 
20% 
2 On commencement of commercial operation of 
ebuses 
30% 
3 After 6 months of successful commercial 25% 

--- Page 102 ---
 
9 
operation of e-buses 
4 After 18 months of successful commercial 
operation of e-buses 
25% 
Bidder should also comply to PM E-DRIVE Scheme notification and guidelines or as updated/applicable 
from time to time. 
Bank Guarantee 
The Selected Bidder shall provide an advance Bank Guarantee (BG) for the release of an equivalent amount of 
Subsidy/grant. The Bank Guarantee should be furnished for an amount equivalent to the PM E-DRIVE 
subsidy/grant and in tranches corresponding to the lot(s) for which the subsidy/grant is to be disbursed to the 
Selected Bidder. Bidders may submit Advance Bank Guarantee in the form of Insurance Surety Bonds as well. 
After bank guarantee of an amount equivalent to 100% of PM E-DRIVE grant is furnished and the entire fleet 
achieves successful commercial operation for a period of 18 months, the Bank Guarantee will be released in equal 
installments(20%) annually for a period of 05 years. The Bank Guarantee is to be furnished to the relevant 
STU(s)/City.  
The Ministry of Heavy Industries (MHI), Govt. of India, has notified PM e-Bus Sewa-PSM Scheme through 
Gazette notification S.O. 4711(E) on October 28, 2024. The scheme has an allocated budget of Rs. 3,435.33 
crore. The scheme will support deployment of more than 38,000 electric buses in the country.  
The objective of scheme is to provide payment security in case of default by Public Transport Authorities (PTAs) 
for making timely payment to the selected bidders/operators/OEMs on their monthly payment obligations for 
operations of electric buses. Additionally, the fund will support capacity building and training initiatives, 
fostering the adoption of innovative technologies by PTAs to optimize electric bus operations. The Scheme 
provides coverage for the period of 12 years for the each e-bus deployed under the Scheme. The scheme 
documents can be downloaded from below link: 
https://heavyindustries.gov.in/pm-ebus-sewa-psm-gazette-notification-and-scheme-guidelines 
Under tender-2, CESL aggregated the demand from the cities under this scheme. As per the consent from MHI, 
12,900 nos of buses are proposed to be tendered under tender -2 of the PM E-DRIVE scheme. Apart from the 
demand of 2,900 buses, the Government of NCT of Delhi has requested that an additional requirement of 3,330 
electric buses be considered for inclusion in the forthcoming tender 2. As per the e-buses demand received from 
NCT Delhi wherein they will request MHI for inclusion of these buses in the PM E-DRIVE scheme for availing 
the demand incentive / subsidy for the buses as applicable under the PM E-DRIVE Scheme. And, in case if these 
buses are not considered for demand incentive / subsidy by MHI, then NCT of Delhi shall bear the equivalent 
demand incentive for buses, as being provided by the MHI under PM-E DRIVE Scheme. In case of partial e-
buses demand considered by MHI, then for the balance buses the equivalent demand incentive / subsidy shall 
be provided by NCT Delhi.  
Details of Lot wise buses and the participating Cities / STUs under tender -2 is as under: 

--- Page 103 ---
 
10 
Lot No City Bus Type Total Qty 
Lot 1 Pune 9m LF Non AC 200 
Lot 2 Pune 12m BRT Non AC 800 
Lot 3 Mumbai 9m LF AC 1500 
Lot 4 Ahmedabad 9m BRT AC 200 
Lot 5  Hyderabad 12m LF Non AC 200 
Lot 6  Delhi 12m LF AC 500 
Lot 7 Delhi 9m LF AC 2330 
Lot 8 Delhi 7m LF AC 500 
Total 6,230 
 
3. ABOUT CESL 
Convergence Energy Services Limited (CESL) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Energy Efficiency Services 
Limited (EESL), a JV of PSUs promoted by Ministry of Power, Government of India. CESL offers interventions 
that solve multiple gap areas in the energy ecosystem by amalgamating seemingly independent yet 
complementary sectors such as electricity, transport, home appliances and introducing models for adoption at 
scale through government partnerships and innovative financing such as carbon markets.  
CESL launched a ‘Grand Challenge (GC)’ on 30th September 2021 to aggregate demand from the 9 cities 
selected for phase-II of the FAME II scheme on an Operational Expenditure (OPEX) basis, i.e., using Gross 
Cost Contracts (GCC). Under this model, the private service provider invests in the purchase of bus and charging 
infrastructure along with its operations and maintenance throughout the contract tenure and in return receive a 
per km (“PK”) fee. The revenue collection would continue to remain with the city. The model has the advantage 
of enabling the contracting authority to focus on overseeing service delivery, limiting the upfront capital 
investment by cities and the need to manage staff, and at the same time transferring the technological risk of 
electric buses to the service providers who are best suited to manage them. 
CESL also concluded e-bus tenders under NEBP and Phase 1 & 2 tenders under PM-eBus Sewa Scheme by 
Ministry of Housing & Urban Affairs (MoHUA) and PM E-DRIVE tender-1 of Ministry of Heavy Industries 
(MHI).  
CESL on behalf of Public Transport Agencies (also referred to as Authorities or State Transport Corporations 
or Cities in this Tender) aggregated the demand for electric buses and is floating the tender for “Selection of Bus 
Operator for Procurement, Supply, Operation and Maintenance of 6,230 buses ”. Buses shall be fully built 
electric buses of 7m, 9m and 12m length along with allied electrical & civil infrastructure under Gross Cost 
Contract (GCC) Model in line with Volume 3 (the “Project”). 
4. SCOPE OF WORK 
4.1 This RfP has been prepared for the deployment of 7m, 9m and 12m electric buses on a GCC basis, through 
the PM E-DRIVE scheme. A Concession Agreement as per the format provided in Volume 2 
(“Agreement”) shall be signed between the Selected Bidder and the participating Authority (individual 

--- Page 104 ---
 
11 
Agreements to be signed with each Authority/City). The yearly assured kms and period of Concession 
Agreement (“Concession Period”) for different types of buses is provided below. 
 
Bus Type Yearly Assured Kms  Concession Period  
Type I* buses 
7m Bus 57,600 12 years 
9m Bus 64,800 
 
12 years 
12m Bus 72,000 
 
12 years  
*Type I definition as per AIS: 052 
 
4.2 The scope of work for CESL shall be as follows: 
CESL shall play the role of a Program Manager for deploying electric buses under and shall be responsible 
for the following: 
i. Designing and implementing a transparent and fair competitive bid process. 
ii. Designing and drafting of bid documents, agreements, and other documentation. 
iii. Finalization of the technical specifications for buses suitable for the participating STUs 
iv. Floating of Tender for e-Buses deployment. 
v. Discovery of GCC prices and communicate the same to Authorities and Selected Bidders.  
vi. Assist Authorities and the Selected Bidder to finalize and sign the Concession Agreement. 
vii. Administering Payment Security Mechanism (PSM) setup by Government of India (GOI) for Buses 
under this tender document. 
 
5. BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE BIDDING PROCESS 
The key points of the bidding process are as follows: 
5.1 Bidding Process: CESL has adopted a single-stage, two-envelope process (referred to as the "Bidding 
Process") for selection of the Bidder (The “Bidder”, which expression shall, unless repugnant to the context, 
include the members of the Consortium) for award of the Project. Under this process, a Bid shall be invited 
under two envelopes. Along with the Bid, the Bidder shall pay to CESL a non-refundable sum of INR 25,000 
towards bid-document fees. Eligibility and qualification will be determined based on details submitted in 
envelope 1 (Technical Bid). The Financial Bid as the second envelope shall be opened of only for those 
Bidders whose Technical Bids are responsive to eligibility and qualifications requirements as per this RfP. 
The eligibility and qualification of each bidder shall individually be assessed based on the requirement for 
each of the specified Cities in the RfP. 
5.2 Evaluation and Allocation Process: Bids will be evaluated based on the INR per km rate quoted by the 
Bidders for each Lot. Please refer to Clause 12 of this RFP for further details on award of contract and 
the evaluation process. 
5.3 Due Diligence and Site Visit: Bidders are encouraged to examine and familiarize themselves fully about 
the Project/ nature of assignment, local conditions, availability of necessary materials, applicable laws 
and regulations, and any other matters considered relevant by them before submitting the bid. Bidders 
are encouraged to visit the depots where possible. Any comments shall be sent in writing and will be 

--- Page 105 ---
 
12 
addressed by CESL during the Pre-Bid Meeting. 
5.4 Acknowledgement by Bidder: It shall be deemed that by submitting the Bid, Bidder has made a complete 
and careful evaluation of RfP, received all relevant information from CESL, accepted risk of inadequacy, 
errors or mistakes provided in RfP, acknowledged no conflict of interest, agreed to bound by undertakings 
provided by it under and in terms hereof. CESL shall not be liable for any omission, mistake, or error in 
respect of any of the above or on account of any matter or thing arising out of or concerning or relating 
to the RfP or the Bidding Process, including any error or mistake therein or in any information or data 
given by either the Authority or CESL. 
5.5 Cost of Bid: Bidders shall be responsible for all the costs associated with the preparation of their bid 
establishing eligibility, submission, and participation in the bid process. CESL will not be responsible for 
in any way liable for such costs, regardless of the conduct or outcome of the bidding process. 
5.6 Bid Currency: All prices quoted in the Bid shall be quoted in Indian National Rupee(s) (INR). 
5.7 Bid Validity: Bid shall remain valid for a period of 180 days from Bid Due Date. CESL reserves the right 
to reject a bid as non-responsive if such a bid is valid for a period of less than bid validity period and 
CESL shall not be liable to send an intimation of any such rejection to such Bidder. In exceptional 
circumstances, prior to expiry of the original bid validity period, CESL may request the Bidders to extend 
the period of validity for a specified additional period. The request and the responses thereto shall be 
made in writing. A Bidder may refuse the request without forfeiting their Bid Security/ EMD. A bidder 
agreeing to the request will not be permitted to modify his bid but will be required to extend the validity 
of his Bid Security/ EMD for the period of the extension, and in compliance with RfP terms in all respects. 
The price as per the bid shall be valid for the entire duration of the Agreement when awarded within the 
bid validity period.  
 
5.8 Number of Bids by Bidder:  
For a particular Lot, no Bidder, its Associate or any of consortium members or their associates shall 
submit more than one Bid for each Lot pursuant to this RfP. For each Lot any Bidder applying 
individually as single Bidder or a part of a consortium shall not be entitled to submit another Bid either 
individually or as member of another consortium, directly or indirectly through an associate of any other 
Bidder, as the case may be. If a Bidder submits or participates in more than one Bid in this manner, all 
such Bids shall be disqualified and rejected.  
 
5.9 Price Bid: The Bidder needs to meet/ fulfil the eligibility and qualification criteria provided to qualify in 
the RfP. Bidder would be required to quote the rate in INR/km as per the contract conditions specified in 
this RfP. The Price bid of only those Bidders fulfilling the eligibility and qualification criteria shall be 
opened. The Bidder having the lowest and responsive price Bid, which is determined as per clause 12 of 
this RfP, shall be considered as preferred Bidder for award of the project. 
5.10 Quotations: Bidders should quote their rates in figures and numbers in the unit of Indian Rupees per 
kilometer, specified in the e-tender by carefully punching in the appropriate field. All prices quoted in 
the Bid shall be quoted in Indian Rupee(s) (INR). All taxes & charges necessary to affect the procurement 
and services for Operation of Stage Carriage Services of Electric Buses such as Goods & Service Tax 

--- Page 106 ---
 
13 
(GST) etc. under the project should be included in the unit rate quoted by the bidder. The INR/Km price 
quoted is exclusive of all Taxes, any taxes on unit rate if applicable will be borne by the Authority. 
All Price Bids shall be submitted through the e-tendering system and Bidders shall take utmost care while 
quoting rates and other charges, if any. No subsequent variation in the rates quoted in the price Bid will 
be allowed whatsoever. Issues such as error and misunderstandings, internet troubles and so on will not 
be entertained. 
6. PROJECT MANAGEMENT CHARGES 
6.1 CESL will charge Project Management Charges (PMC) at the rate of INR 45,000 + GST as applicable 
per bus from the Selected Bidder(s) of each lot. Out of this amount, first tranche of INR 15,000 + GST 
as applicable per bus shall be paid to CESL within 30 days from the date of issuance of Letter of 
Confirmation of Quantity (LoCQ) by selected Bidders. The remaining amount of INR 30,000 + GST as 
applicable per bus shall be paid by the Selected Bidder for each lot as per the milestones defined in clause 
6.2 
 
Milestone Activity PMC Fee Remarks 
 
 
 
1st  
Issuance of LoCQ 
by CESL  
₹15,000 per bus 
+ GST 
First tranche  of INR 15,000 + GST 
as applicable per bus shall be paid to 
CESL within 30 days from the date 
of issuance of LoCQ 
The Project Management Charges shall be paid only through NEFT/RTGS, as per the banking details 
given below: 
Account Name:   Convergence Energy Services Limited 
Account Number:  000705051799 
Account Type:  Current 
Bank Name & Branch: ICICI Bank, New Delhi Branch 
IFSC Code :  ICIC0000007 
MICR Code :   110229002 
6.2 CESL will raise invoices for PMC charges to Selected Bidder as per the milestone defined below. GST 
will be extra as applicable. 
Milestone Activity completed PMC fee  Remarks 
2nd  Upon execution or the issue of 
supply order/LoA from Authority 
to Selected Bidder, whichever is 
earlier. 
₹15,000 per bus 
+GST 
 
Half of the balance fees 
(₹30K) for the overall 
awarded quantity 
3rd  Upon execution of the Concession 
Agreement with the Authority. 
 
₹15,000 per bus 
+GST 
 
Remaining fees (₹15K) 
for the overall awarded 
quantity 

--- Page 107 ---
 
14 
6.3 The bidder will be required to make the payment against the invoice within 30 days of invoicing date else 
an interest charge @ 18% p.a. will be charged on delayed payment from the due date, GST will be extra 
as applicable. In case bidder fails to pay the PMC fee within due date, CESL reserve the right to charge 
the applicable interest and may en-cash the EMD amount to recover the outstanding without any 
intimation.  
7. EARNEST MONEY DEPOSIT (EMD) / BID SECURITY 
7.1 A Bidder shall furnish a EMD i.e. Bid Security for the captioned work. It shall be provided from 
scheduled banks only, in the form of irrevocable bank guarantee/ account payee demand draft in favour 
of CESL payable at New Delhi in the format as specified in Annexure 2 of Section 6. The Bank Guarantee 
shall be effective only when BG issuance message is transmitted by the issuing bank through SFMS to 
CESL’s Bank as per the below given details:  
ICICI Bank include unique identifier CESL578807920 in the field 7037 of the SFMS cover message with 
IFSC Code ICIC0000007 
BG Advancing Message – IFN 760COV / IFN 767 COV via SFMS 
Field Number Particulars (to be mentioned in Row 1) 
7037 CESL578807920 
7.2 Bidders may submit EMD in the form of Insurance Surety Bonds as well in favour of CESL payable at 
New Delhi. 
7.3 The Parent/ Associate whose Financial credentials have been used by the Bidder may alternatively 
provide Bid Security on behalf of the Bidder which should be supported by a Board resolution authorizing 
CESL to forfeit the Bid security in line with the provisions of this Tender. 
7.4 The  Lot wise EMD details are provided in the table below: 
 
Lot No. City No. of buses EMD Requirement (in INR Crores) 
Lot 1 Pune 200 5.45 
Lot 2 Pune 800 25.94 
Lot 3 Mumbai 1500 29.50 
Lot 4 Ahmedabad 200 4.54 
Lot 5 Hyderabad 200 6.09 
Lot 6 Delhi 500 14.70 
Lot 7 Delhi 2330 37.20 
Lot 8 Delhi 500 11.40 
Total 6,230 134.82 
 
 
 
7.5 If a Bidder opts to bid for more than one Lot, then the EMD requirement for the Bidder would be the 

--- Page 108 ---
 
15 
cumulative EMD requirement for all the Lots  being bid. 
7.6 No interest will be payable by CESL on the EMD. 
7.7 EMD of the successful bidder will be returned after providing the Contract Performance Bank Guarantee 
(CPBG-in the form of Contract Performance Bank Guarantee or Insurance surety bonds) to the STU and 
the STU confirms the same to CESL and all up to date dues to CESL are paid. CESL will hold the 
proportionate EMD to the extent of future PMC payments and the same will be released after clearing of 
PMC charges to CESL. If the EMD is not splitable than the successful bidder needs to deposit the 
EMD/BG/Insurance Surety Bond to CESL for the balance PMC recoverable amount from the successful 
bidder before release of the original EMD. The EMD will be forfeited by CESL if the dues are not cleared 
by the successful bidder as per due dates. 
7.8 EMD of all techno-commercially/financially unsuccessful bidders will be returned to them within 60 
days of Bid opening date or 30 days of issuance of LoCQ to the successful bidder by CESL, whichever 
is earlier. 
7.9 EMD may be provided by more than one bank. 
7.10 The EMD of a Bidder shall be forfeited in the following events: 
a. If a bidder withdraws/modifies/changes its Bid during the period of Bid validity. 
b. In the case of a Selected Bidder, if the bidder fails to sign the Concession Agreement with the 
Authority for any default on their part within the stipulated time as specified under this RfP. 
c. Successful bidder fails to furnish the required CPBG within stipulated time as per the terms and 
conditions mentioned in this RfP.  
d. In case the Selected Bidder does not clear its dues as per due dates specified in this RfP. 
e. Bidders submitting any wrong information or making any misrepresentation in their Bid as per the 
RfP terms. 
f. If the bidder engages in fraudulent practices as mentioned in clause 20 of Volume 1 within the period 
of validity of bid. 
g. In case of occurring of any other event as may be specifically stated in the RfP document. 
8. BIDDING CONDITION FOR SINGLE BIDDER/ CONSORTIUM AND FORMATION OF 
PROJECT IMPLEMENTING ENTITY (SPV)  
A Bid under this RfP can be submitted by either a Single Bidder or a Consortium as defined in this 
RfP. 
8.1 Single Bidder 
a) The Bids can be submitted by a Single Bidder that fulfils the Eligibility Criteria mentioned in clause 
9 of Volume 1. 
8.2 Consortium 
a) Consortium of a maximum of 3 (three) members is allowed. 
b) The Bid shall contain a legally enforceable Consortium Agreement entered amongst the Members 

--- Page 109 ---
 
16 
of the Consortium, designating one of the Members to be the Lead Member. Each Member in 
Bidding Consortium shall duly sign the Consortium Agreement making it liable for raising the 
required funds for its respective equity investment commitment as specified in the Consortium 
Agreement. Name of consortium members and their roles & responsibilities shall be indicated 
clearly in the consortium agreement (which is required to be submitted in the bid) including name 
of lead and non-lead members and should be duly notarized. Consortium Agreement shall be 
submitted in the format specified at Annexure 7 of Section 6. In absence of the Consortium 
Agreement, the Bid will not be considered for evaluation and will be rejected. 
c) The members of the Consortium shall nominate one member as the lead member (the “Lead 
Member”), who shall have Subscribed and Paid-up Equity Share Capital of at least 26% (twenty-six 
percent) in the SPV. The nomination(s) shall be supported by a Power of Attorney, as per the format 
at Annexure 4 of Section 6, signed by all the other members of the Consortium. 
d) Provided that the Lead Member of the Consortium will be liable to the extent of 100% of the total 
proposed commitment of equity investment of the Consortium i.e. for both its own equity 
contribution as well as the equity contribution of other Members. 
e) In the case of a Consortium, the Technical Qualification Criteria and Financial Qualification Criteria 
of only those Members will be evaluated, who have and shall continue to have Subscribed and Paid-
up Equity Share Capital of at least 26% (twenty-six percent) each in the SPV for a minimum period 
of 2 years from the Commercial Operation Date (COD) of the Project. 
f) No member(s) of the Consortium whose Technical Qualification Criteria was evaluated for the 
purpose of selection in response to the Request for Proposal, shall hold cumulatively less than 26% 
(twenty-six per cent) of the Subscribed and Paid-up Equity Share Capital till the expiry of the 
Contract Period. 
g) The Lead Member of the Consortium will be the single point of contact for the purposes of this 
bidding process before the date of signing of the Concession Agreement. Settlement of any dispute 
amongst the Consortium Members shall not be the responsibility of CESL and CESL shall not bear 
any liability whatsoever on this account. 
h) The Lead Member should designate at the most two persons to represent the Consortium in its 
dealings with CESL. The person(s) designated by the Lead Member should be authorized through a 
Power of Attorney (as per format specified in Annexure 4 of Section 6) to perform all tasks 
including, but not limited to providing information, responding to enquiries, signing of Technical 
Bid on behalf of the Consortium, etc. The Consortium members shall provide board resolutions from 
their respective Boards for committing their respective portion of equity requirement for the Project. 
Additionally, the Lead member shall provide a Board resolution committing to make good any 
shortfall in the equity for the project, in case of any member not meeting its equity commitment. 
i) The Bid should also contain signed Letter of Consent (as per Annexure 8 in Section 6) from each 
Member of Consortium confirming that the entire Bid has been reviewed and each element of the 
Bid is agreed to by them including investment commitment for the Project.  
j) In addition, the Bid should also contain Board Resolution from Lead Member of the Consortium in 
favour of their respective authorized representatives for executing the POA, Consortium Agreement 

--- Page 110 ---
 
17 
and signing of the requisite formats. 
8.3 Project Implementing Entity  
a) In case the Single Bidder is an OEM (or through OEM route), is notified as Selected Bidder under 
the provisions of this RfP, it has the option of executing the Agreement and implementing the 
Project through a Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) i.e. a Project Implementing Entity incorporated as 
a subsidiary Company of the Selected Bidder for implementing the Project, with 100% direct 
shareholding in the SPV which has to be registered under the Indian Companies Act, 2013, before 
signing of Concession Agreement. For avoidance of doubt, it is clarified that the SPV as mentioned 
above should be an immediate subsidiary of the Selected Bidder, without any intermediaries 
involved. And, in case the Single Bidder is other than OEM (Infrastructure company), is notified as 
Selected Bidder under the provisions of this RfP, it has to necessary execute the Agreement and 
implement the Project through a Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV). 
b) In case the Selected Bidder is a Consortium, it shall be mandatory to form an SPV (Project 
Implementing Entity) to execute the Concession Agreement and implement the Project. 
c) The Selected Bidder can form only a single SPV for each Concession Agreement that shall be signed 
under this Project. In the interest of clarity, it is mentioned that only one SPV is allowed per 
Authority per Selected Bidder for signing the Agreement with the respective Authority and 
implementing the project.  
d) The SPV shall at no time undertake or permit any Change in Ownership except in accordance with 
the provisions of the Agreement; and that the Selected Bidder (or the Consortium members), shall 
hold not less than 51% (fifty-one per cent) of its subscribed and paid-up Equity on the date of this 
Agreement and for a period of 2 (two) years from the date of Commercial Operations Date (COD) 
as defined in the Agreement.  
e) Any non-compliance with the provision hereof by the Selected Bidder with regards to shareholding 
requirement during the Agreement period, and failure to remedy such non-compliance within [30 
(thirty)] days from the date of Authority’s notice in this regard shall constitute an operator(s) (as 
defined in the Agreement) event of default, which shall entitle the Authority to terminate the 
Concession Agreement in accordance with the provisions thereof. 
f) Notwithstanding the provisions of above, the Selected Bidder shall ensure, that in the event it has 
been selected for the Project on the financial capabilities of its/any of the Parent/ Associate, the said 
Parent/ Associate shall remain a(n) Parent/ Associate of the successful bidder, for at least two years 
from COD (as defined in the Agreement). 
g) Further, the Selected Bidder shall also ensure, that in the event it has been selected for the Project 
on the technical capabilities of its/any of the Parent/ Associate, the said Parent/ Associate shall 
remain a(n) Parent/ Associate of the Selected Bidder, till the end of the Agreement. 
9. ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA AND QUALIFICATION CRITERIA 
9.1 A Bidder/entity (i.e. any member of consortium) can only opt for one of the routes (either as D1 & D2 or 

--- Page 111 ---
 
18 
E1 & E2) mentioned below in the Qualification Criteria. The route opted shall be consistent across all 
the participated Lots/. Declaration to this shall be provided as per Annexure 24 of Section 6 of this RfP. 
If a bidder/entity submits bids in contravention to this clause, all such bids shall be rejected.  
To further clarify, if an entity (either as Single Bidder or as a Consortium member) bids in Lot1 by 
submitting qualification criteria under clauses D1 & D2 and the same entity/a constituent of the 
consortium bids in Lot 2 by submitting qualification criteria under clauses E1 & E2, in that case all the 
bids of that entity (either Single Bidder or Consortium) will be rejected. 
9.2 The eligibility criteria under this RfP is specified below: 
Sr. 
No. 
Eligibility & Qualification Criteria Details of the document submitted by 
the bidder 
I) General Eligibility 
A. The Bid can be submitted by either a Single 
Bidder or a Consortium as specified in Clause 
5.8 and Clause 8 of Volume 1 of this RfP.  
 
 
The bidder must have been in existence for a 
minimum period of three (3) years prior to the date 
of issuance of the Notice Inviting Tender (NIT) 
subject to the following conditions: 
(i) In case, bidder is bidding 
individually (single bidder): 
(a) Then the bidder must have 
been in existence for the last 
three (3) years as of the date of 
issuance of the NIT. 
 
(b) If the bidder is participating 
using the credentials of a 
Parent/ Associate Company, 
then the bidder may or may not 
be in existence for 3 years, but 
its parent/ Associate must 
have been in existence for the 
last three (3) years as of the 
date of issuance of the NIT. 
 
(ii) In the case of a consortium, the 
above condition of three (3) years’ 
existence is not mandatory 
required to be met by all members 
of the consortium but lead bidder 
must fulfil the conditions as 
mentioned at point (i) above. 
1. Copy of Certificate of Incorporation, 
Memorandum and Article of the 
association or Copy of Registration 
certificate from RBI under section 4A 
of the Companies Act 1956 or Copy of 
Registration certificate or Copy of 
registered Partnership Deed, as the 
case may be for the bidder/ each 
consortium member should be 
submitted. 
 
2. In the case of a Consortium, a 
consortium agreement, as per format 
specified in Annexure 7 of Section 6.  
 
3. GST certificate and PAN card 

--- Page 112 ---
 
19 
Sr. 
No. 
Eligibility & Qualification Criteria Details of the document submitted by 
the bidder 
B. The Bidder(s) or its Parent/Associate shall not 
have been blacklisted or barred from carrying 
out its business by any Regulator / Government 
Authority/ Court of Law at the time of due date 
of submission. 
The OEM supplying the Buses under the 
Concession Agreement should also be in 
compliance with this requirement. 
(In the case of consortium, this condition is to 
be fulfilled by all the members of consortium). 
A notarized certificate of non-blacklisted 
status in respect of the participating 
bidder/consortium members is required to 
be provided as per the format specified in 
Annexure 17 of Section 6. 
C Bidder and all members of the Consortium must be either: 
A company incorporated in India under or prior 
to the Companies Act, 1956 (as amended or re- 
enacted or restated, and including the 
Companies Act, 2013 as notified from time to 
time) 
 
OR 
 
Copy of Certificate of Incorporation, 
Memorandum and Article of the 
association of the bidder should be 
submitted 
A Trust/Society/Financial 
Institute/Alternative Investment Fund (AIF) 
registered with competent authority i.e. 
Reserve Bank of India (as defined in Section 
45I(c) of Chapter IIIB of the RBI Act,1934) or 
Security Exchange Board of India (SEBI)  
OR 
Copy of Registration certificate from RBI 
or under section 4A of the Companies Act 
1956 
Similar International Financial Institutions 
registered with applicable regulators aboard 
but also registered / licensed to conduct 
business in India 
OR 
Copy of Registration certificate and GST 
number and PAN must also be submitted. 
Partnership firm registered under the Indian 
Partnership Act 
OR 
Copy of registered Partnership Deed 
should be submitted 
An LLP incorporated under Limited Liability 
Partnership Act, 2008/Companies Act 2013. 
Copy of Certificate of Incorporation, and 
Registration Certificate of the bidder 
should be submitted 
Only the Bids of the Bidder meeting above Eligibility Criteria shall be considered for 
assessment of next stage of assessment of Qualification Criteria. 
II) Technical Qualification Criteria: For meeting technical qualification criteria the Bidder should 
satisfy the criteria mentioned in either (D-1) or (E-1).  
For this purpose, bidder needs to submit Annexure-24 of Section 6 (i.e. bidder to mention the route 
by which bidder is participating in the tender): 
 
Furthermore, the Bidder may seek qualification based on technical capability of its Parent and/ or 
Associate(s) for the purpose of meeting the Qualification criteria. 

--- Page 113 ---
 
20 
Sr. 
No. 
Eligibility & Qualification Criteria Details of the document submitted by 
the bidder 
D-1 1. The bidder should have regularly for at least 
the last one year, ending 31st March of the 
previous financial year’ i.e. 31.03.2025, 
manufactured and supplied electric buses.  
 
 
AND 
 
2. The Bidder’ should have manufactured 
and supplied at least 25 ‘Electric Buses’ 
in at least one of the last five financial 
years’ or in the current financial year. 
 
 
 
 
 
AND 
3. The bidder’ must have an available 
capacity (i.e. capacity after meeting all 
their current commitments) to 
manufacture and supply at least 60% of 
the quantity bidder is bidding for. 
 
 
(In the case of consortium, this condition is to 
be fulfilled by all the members of consortium 
collectively). 
The homologation certificate of any type 
of electric bus needs to be submitted, 
which should meet the criteria i.e. it 
should be at least 1 year old from 
31.03.2025. 
AND 
Bidder should submit proof of sale like 
Work order, supply agreements, contract 
etc. (clearly mentioning the no. of units 
sold, customer name and date of supply) 
or any other document that can 
substantiate the supply of electric buses. 
Also, the bidder needs to submit the proof 
of supply like completion certificate or 
any other document that can substantiate 
the supply of electric buses. 
AND 
Available Capacity for Bus 
manufacturing and supply: Certificate 
from a CA confirming the available 
production capacity of E-buses and self-
certification by the OEM on its letterhead 
clearly indicating the current 
commitments, production capacity and 
available capacity. In this context, bidder 
to fill the declaration as per Annexure-26 
of the tender document and this certificate 
to be issued by CA with UDIN No. 
E-1 The Bidder over the last 5 (five) financial years 
preceding the Bid Due Date, have 
 
a) paid for, or received payments for, 
construction of Eligible Project(s); and/ or 
b) paid for development of Eligible Project(s); 
and/ or 
c) collected and appropriated revenues from 
Eligible Project(s)  
 
such that the sum total of the above is more than 
the amount specified in Table 1.  
 
Fulfilling the Technical Qualification Criteria 
of the City with higher technical requirements 
(as per Table 1) amongst the Cities in which the 
bidder has participated will lead to fulfillment 
Statutory Auditor confirming compliance 
with the required condition of this RfP as 
per Annexure 14B of Section 6. 
 
AND 
 
Bidder needs to submit the proof of work 
order/ agreement or any other 
documentary evidence that can 
substantiate that the work have been 
awarded to the bidder. 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 114 ---
 
21 
Sr. 
No. 
Eligibility & Qualification Criteria Details of the document submitted by 
the bidder 
of the Technical Qualification Criteria for the 
other Cities having lower technical 
requirement.  
Technical Capacity of the bidder can be reused 
for fulfillment of the Technical Requirements. 
 
The bidder must have either implemented such 
projects itself or must have held directly or 
indirectly at least twenty-six percent (26%) of 
the shareholding in the company that has 
executed the project(s) from the date of 
financial closure of the project(s) till the time of 
achieving commercial operation. 
 
(In the case of consortium, this condition is to 
be fulfilled by all the members of consortium 
collectively). 
III) Financial Qualification Criteria- 
(a) The Bidder who has qualified basis the Technical Qualification Criteria mentioned in D-1 
should meet the Financial Qualification Criteria provided in D-2. 
(b) The Bidder who has qualified basis the Technical Qualification Criteria mentioned in E-1 
should meet the Financial Qualification Criteria provided in E-2. 
(c) Bidder who is bidding through E1 needs to submit Affidavit as per Annexure-E of Vol I at 
the time of bid submission. 
Furthermore, the Bidder may seek qualification based on financial capability of its Parent and/ or 
Associate(s) for the purpose of meeting the Qualification criteria. 
D-2 The Bidder should meet: 
 
(a) the Minimum Average Annual Turnover 
(MAAT) criteria as per Table 2. The MAAT 
shall be calculated as an average turnover of the 
last 3 Financial Years.  
 
In case of consortium, the collective MAAT 
will be considered only of members holding 
atleast 26% shareholding.  
 
[The annual turnover of any bidder will include 
realization out of sales of Goods and Services 
but excludes any tax levied (Direct or Indirect) 
by any enactment of the Govt. of India as per 
the audited financial statement of the 
Bidder(s).] 
 
AND 
 
(b) The net worth of the Bidder should not be 
negative as on the last date of the immediate 
 
 
For MAAT: Annual Report (audited 
balance sheet and profit & loss account of 
the relevant period i.e. the financials of 
last 3 years of the Bidder/ Lead Member 
and of Associate (applicable in case its 
experience is being utilized for meeting 
the qualification criteria). 
 
 
For Net worth: Annual Report (audited 
balance sheet and profit & loss account) 
of the relevant period i.e. the financials of 
last 3 years. 
 
 
Certificate from Statutory Auditor 
ensuring compliance with the Net worth 
requirement. 
 
The Bidder is required to fill the 

--- Page 115 ---
 
22 
Sr. 
No. 
Eligibility & Qualification Criteria Details of the document submitted by 
the bidder 
preceding Financial Year.  
 
In case of consortium, this condition is to be 
filled by all the members individually. 
 
and 
 
(c) The net worth should not have eroded by 
more than 30% (thirty percent) in the last three 
years. 
 
In case of consortium, this condition is to be 
filled by all the members individually. 
 
[Net Worth means sum total of the paid up 
capital and free reserves (excluding reserves 
created out of revaluation) reduced by 
aggregate value of accumulated losses 
(including debit balance in profit and loss 
account for current year) and intangible assets. 
 
Please note: 
 The Bidder should fulfil the Financial 
Capacity cumulatively for each of the 
Lot for which the bids are being 
submitted by the Bidder. The 
declaration as per Annexure 12A of 
Section-6 shall be used for fulfilment of 
financial capacity. 
 For the purpose of checking the erosion, 
the net worth of the immediately 
preceding Financial Year (say Year-1) 
shall be compared with that of Year-2 
and Year-3 both.  
declaration as per Annexure 12A of 
Section 6. 
 
E-2 The minimum net worth of the Bidder at the 
close of the preceding FY shall not be less than 
the amount specified in Table 1. 
 
In case of consortium, the collective Net worth 
will be considered only of members holding 
atleast 26% shareholding.  
 
 
Furthermore, the net worth for each of the 
members must be positive. 
 
[Net Worth means sum total of the paid up 
For Net worth: Annual Report (audited 
balance sheet and profit & loss account of 
the relevant period of the Bidder/ 
Consortium members. 
 
Annual Report (audited balance sheet and 
profit & loss account) of the relevant 
period. 
 
Certificate from Statutory Auditor 
ensuring compliance with the Net worth 
requirement. 
 

--- Page 116 ---
 
23 
Sr. 
No. 
Eligibility & Qualification Criteria Details of the document submitted by 
the bidder 
capital and free reserves (excluding reserves 
created out of revaluation) reduced by 
aggregate value of accumulated losses 
(including debit balance in profit and loss 
account for current year) and intangible 
assets] 
 
Please note: 
1. The Bidder should fulfil the Financial 
Capacity cumulatively for each of the Lots 
for which the bids are being submitted by 
the Bidder. The declaration as per Annexure 
12B of Section-6 shall be used for 
fulfilment of financial capacity.  
2. In case a Bidder and/(or) it’s Parent(s)/ 
Associate(s) has issued any fresh equity 
capital during the current financial year, the 
same shall be permitted to be added to the 
Bidder’s Net Worth subject to the statutory 
auditor of the Bidder certifying to this 
effect. 
The Bidder in required to fill the 
declaration as per Annexure 12B of 
Section 6. 
 
 
Selected Bidder(s) shall continue to maintain compliance with the Eligibility and Qualification Requirements 
specified herein till the achievement of COD (as specified in the Concession Agreement). Failure to comply 
with the aforesaid requirements shall make the Concession Agreement liable for termination after its signing. 
The Bidder shall also furnish documentary evidence/ declaration regarding financial re-structuring of the 
company, if any, such as change of name, merger, or demerger shall also be supported by statutory filings/ in-
principle approval/ final approvals from relevant authorities, and not only by a board resolution, to ensure 
authenticity and continuity of eligibility credentials. If the opening of the bids or the ascertainment of 
qualification is carried out after 30th September, the bidder shall be required to submit the complete annual 
reports together with Audited statement of accounts of the company for the immediately preceding Financial 
Year except in cases where the Board of the Company/ Registrar of Companies has granted extension of time 
for finalization of accounts, for which the bidder has to submit requisite documentary evidence. In case of 
Bidder’s failure to submit the same along with the Bid or subsequently pursuant to Clarification, the Bid shall 
be rejected.  
In case of partnership, ITR along with management signed accounts to be submitted, if audit is not required. 
In case of Partnership firm, where auditing of Balance Sheet is not required, the date of ITR (if extended) to be 
considered. Proof of extension from the Income Tax Department to be submitted by the bidder. 
 
Table 1 (For Infra route) 
For Infra Route 
Lot No City  Technical Experience 
Requirement (E1 as per 
above QR table) (in INR 
Crores) 
Net Worth 
Requirement (E2 
as per above QR 
table) (in INR 
Crores) 
EMD 
Requirement 
(in INR 
Crores) 

--- Page 117 ---
 
24 
Lot 1 Pune 544.53 68.07 5.45 
Lot 2 Pune 2594.21 324.28 25.94 
Lot 3 Mumbai 2950.47  368.81 29.50 
Lot 4 Ahmedabad 454.36  56.79 4.54 
Lot 5  Hyderabad 608.75  76.09 6.09 
Lot 6  Delhi 1470.17  183.77 14.70 
Lot 7 Delhi 3719.69  464.96 37.20 
Lot 8 Delhi 1140.31 142.54 11.40 
Total 13482.50 1685.31 134.82 
 
Table 2 (For OEM Route) 
Lot No. City ATO Requirement (in INR 
Crores) 
EMD Requirement 
(in INR Crores) 
Lot 1 Pune 20.42 5.45 
Lot 2 Pune 97.28 25.94 
Lot 3 Mumbai 110.64 29.50 
Lot 4 Ahmedabad 17.04 4.54 
Lot 5 Hyderabad 22.83 6.09 
Lot 6 Delhi 55.13 14.70 
Lot 7 Delhi 139.49 37.20 
Lot 8 Delhi 42.76 11.40 
Total  505.59  134.82 
9.3 Bidder/Entity (i.e. Single Bidder or a Consortium member) is required to separately meet the financial 
qualification criteria and available capacity criteria (as the case may be) mentioned above for each of 
the Lots. In case a Bidder/ Entity is submitting a Bid for more than one Lot, then the financial 
qualification criteria and available capacity criteria (as the case may be) are required to be met 
cumulatively for all such Lots. In case the Bidder/ Entity bids for more than one Lot and is unable to 
fulfil financial criteria cumulatively or available capacity criteria cumulatively (as the case may be) then 
in such case the Bids will be evaluated and allocated in decreasing order of the bus quantity in Lots till 
its cumulative financial or available capacity strength (as the case may be) is exhausted. Furthermore, 
in case of Lot 1 (Pune), Lot 4 (Ahmedabad) and Lot 5 (Hyderabad), wherein the bus quantity is same, 
the evaluation will be first done for Lot 5 (Hyderabad) (higher financial qualification) followed by Lot 
1 (Pune) and then for Lot 4 (Ahmedabad). Similarly, in case of Lot 6 & Lot 8 of Delhi, evaluation will 
be first done for Lot 6 (higher financial qualification) followed by Lot 8. 
9.4 The financial or available capacity contribution of any member either individually or as a member of a 
Consortium will be cumulatively evaluated for all different Lots under this RfP, meaning, the financial 
capacity and available capacity (as the case may be) of any Entity will get adjusted for each Lots to the 
extent the financial and available capacity (as the case may be) qualification has been utilized for other 
Lots.  
9.5 In the case of OEM route (i.e. D1& D2 route), the bidder is not allowed to change the OEM after final 
submission of the bid. However, in the case of Infrastructure route (i.e. E1& E2 route), the bidder has an 
option to supply the Buses from one or more OEMs, provided these OEMs meet the technical 

--- Page 118 ---
 
25 
qualification criteria as per the RfP.  
9.6 The Bidder may seek qualification based on technical and financial capability of its Parent and/ or 
Associate(s) for the purpose of meeting the Qualification criteria. 
9.6.1 The technical capability of a particular entity, including its Parents and/or Associates, shall 
not be used directly or indirectly by more than one Bidder/ Consortium member for an 
individual Lot in which the Bidder is participating. 
9.6.2 In case the Bidder or Member of the Consortium uses the technical and financial capability of 
its Parent/ Associate for the purpose of meeting the qualification criteria, then a certificate by 
the Statutory Auditor clearly explaining how the Parent/ Associate firm meets the above 
definition of the Parent/ Associate under the RfP shall be submitted by the Bidder.   
10. SUBMISSION OF THE BID 
10.1 The information and documents in Technical Bid will be submitted by the Bidder as per the formats 
specified in Section 6 of this document. 
10.2 Strict adherence to the formats wherever specified is required. Wherever information has been sought in 
specified formats, the Bidder shall refrain from referring to brochures/ pamphlets. Non-adherence to 
formats and/ or submission of incomplete information may be a ground for rejecting the bid.  
10.3 Bid documents shall be signed and stamped by the authorized signatory of the bidder on each page. In 
the case of a Consortium, this signature shall be that of the authorized signatory and shall bind the bidder 
to the contract. The signed pages shall be scanned and uploaded at designated places. Alternatively, 
digital signatures on each page of the bid document by the authorized signatory is also allowed.  In the 
case of printed and published documents, only the cover shall be initialed. All the alterations, omissions, 
additions, or any other amendments made to the bid shall be initialed by the person(s) signing the Bid. 
Each page of the Bid must be numbered at the top right-hand corner. 
10.4 The Bid shall include unconsolidated/consolidated audited annual accounts (consisting of unabridged 
Balance Sheet, Profit and Loss Account, profit appropriation account, Auditors Report, etc.), as the case 
may be, of Bidder or each member in Consortium including Lead Member for the last three (3) financial 
years immediately preceding the Bid Due Date. 
10.5 The Bidder should designate at the most two persons to represent the Bidder in its dealings with CESL. 
The person(s) should be authorized to perform all tasks including, but not limited to providing 
information, responding to enquiries, signing of Bids etc. The Bidder should submit, along with Bid, a 
Power of Attorney (as per format specified in Annexure 3 and 4 of Section 6), authorizing the signatory 
of the Bid. Bidder shall submit the board resolution committing 100% of equity requirement for the 
Project, in the Bid.  
11. CONFLICT OF INTEREST 
11.1 A Bidder shall not have a conflict of interest that affects the Bidding process (the “Conflict of Interest”). 
In the event a Bidder is found to have a Conflict of Interest, CESL may choose to reject the Bid, terminate 
the Agreement (in the event it has been awarded) as per termination clause in the Agreement.  
11.2 Any Bidder found to have a Conflict of Interest shall be disqualified. A Bidder shall be deemed to have 
a Conflict of Interest affecting the bidding process, if: 

--- Page 119 ---
 
26 
a) the Bidder or its Member (or any constituent thereof) and any other Bidder or its Member (or any 
constituent thereof) have common controlling shareholders or other ownership interest; Provided 
that this disqualification shall not apply in cases where the direct or indirect shareholding of a Bidder 
or its Member (or any shareholder thereof having a shareholding of more than 15% (fifteen per cent) 
of the paid up and subscribed share capital of such Bidder or its Member, as the case may be) in the 
other Bidder or its Member, is less than 15% (fifteen per cent) of the subscribed and paid-up equity 
share capital thereof; Provided further that this disqualification shall not apply to any ownership by 
a bank, insurance company, pension fund or a public financial institution referred to in sub-section 
(72) of section 2 of the Companies Act, 2013. For the purposes of this Clause, indirect shareholding 
held through one or more intermediate persons shall be computed as follows: (i) where any 
intermediary is controlled by a person through management control or otherwise, the entire 
shareholding held by such controlled intermediary in any other person (the “Subject Person”) shall 
be taken into account for computing the shareholding of such controlling person in the Subject 
Person; and (ii) subject always to sub-clause (a) above, where a person does not exercise control 
over an intermediary, which has shareholding in the Subject Person, the computation of indirect 
shareholding of such person in the Subject Person shall be undertaken on a proportionate basis; 
provided, however, that no such shareholding shall be reckoned under sub-clause (ii) if the 
shareholding of such person in the intermediary is less than 26% of the subscribed and paid-up equity 
shareholding of such intermediary; or  
b) a constituent of such Bidder is also a constituent of another Bidder for the same Lot; or 
c) such Bidder or its Member thereof receives or has received any direct or indirect subsidy, grant, 
concessional loan or subordinated debt from any other Bidder or its Member, has provided any such 
subsidy, grant, concessional loan or subordinated debt to any other Bidder or its Member; or 
d) such Bidder has the same legal representative for purposes of this Bid as any other Bidder; or 
e) such Bidder, has a relationship with another Bidder, directly or through common third party/ parties, 
that puts either or both of them in a position to have access to each other’s information about, or to 
influence the Bid of either or each other; or 
such Bidder has participated as a consultant to the Authority in the preparation of any documents, design, or 
technical specifications of the Project. Explanation: In case a Bidder is a Consortium, then the term Bidder as 
used in this Clause shall include each Member of such Consortium. 
  

--- Page 120 ---
 
27 
12. EVALUATION AND ALLOCATION PROCESS 
12.1 The Lot wise, bus type details are as follows: 
 
 
Lot No City Bus Type Total Qty 
Lot 1 Pune 9m LF Non AC 200  
Lot 2 Pune 12m BRT Non AC 800  
Lot 3 Mumbai 9m LF AC 1500  
Lot 4 Ahmedabad 9m BRT AC 200  
Lot 5  Hyderabad 12m LF Non AC 200  
Lot 6  Delhi 12m LF AC 500  
Lot 7 Delhi 9m LF AC 2330  
Lot 8 Delhi 7m LF AC 500  
Total 6,230  
 
 
12.2 Bidding Conditions: 
Lot No. Total 
No. of 
Buses 
Evaluation to determine 
L1 
Selected Bidder Criteria 
Lot 1  
(Pune) 
200 L1 shall be determined on 
the basis of lowest quoted 
price of 9m Low Floor Non-
AC Bus. The bidder is 
mandatorily required to 
quote for full quantity of 
buses in order to participate 
in Lot 1. Any deviation from 
this requirement shall 
result in outright rejection 
of the bid. 
Full quantity i.e. 200 no. of 
buses will be awarded to L1 
bidder. 
Lot 2 
(Pune) 
800 L1 shall be determined on 
the basis of lowest quoted 
price of 12m BRT Non-AC 
Bus. The bidder is 
mandatorily required to 
quote for full quantity of 
buses in order to participate 
in Lot 2. Any deviation from 
this requirement shall 
result in outright rejection 
of the bid. 
Full quantity i.e. 800 no. of 
buses will be awarded to L1 
bidder. 

--- Page 121 ---
 
28 
Lot 3 
(Mumbai) 
1,500 L1 shall be determined on 
the basis of lowest quoted 
price of 9m Low Floor AC 
Bus. The bidder is 
mandatorily required to 
quote for full quantity of 
buses in order to participate 
in Lot 3. Any deviation from 
this requirement shall 
result in outright rejection 
of the bid. 
CESL intends to split total 
order quantity among Two 
(02) bidders (including L-1), 
and the bifurcation of quantity 
among the L-1 and other 
bidders in the ascending order 
of their originally quoted price 
(i.e., L-2, L-3, and so on 
bidders) shall be as follows:  
  
L1 L2 
70% 30% 
 
While allocation the allocated 
quantities will be derived from 
the above percentage of 
allocation. 
Note: The said splitting shall 
be read in conjunction with 
preference to MSE’s and start-
ups as per provisions of the 
Bidding documents. 
 
To achieve the above 
objective, the L-1’s price shall 
be offered to the L-2 bidder to 
match the price agreed with 
the L-1 bidder. In case L2 
bidder refuses to match the L-
1 price, remaining bidders in 
the ascending order of their 
originally quoted price shall be 
offered the chance to match L-
1’s price. 
All such bidders, subject to 
maximum of Two bidders, 
shall be treated as successful 
bidders. 
In case of single vendor 
situation, award may be given 
for the 70% quantity after 
establishing rate reasonability 
by CESL. However, CESL shall 
award more quantity (not 
exceeding 100% quantity) in 
proportion to the experience & 
qualification requirement 
(ATO) of the L1 bidder. 

--- Page 122 ---
 
29 
Lot 4 
(Ahmedabad) 
200 L1 shall be determined on 
the basis of lowest quoted 
price of 9m BRT AC Bus. The 
bidder is mandatorily 
required to quote for full 
quantity of buses in order to 
participate in Lot 4. Any 
deviation from this 
requirement shall result in 
outright rejection of the bid. 
Full quantity i.e. 200 no. of 
buses will be awarded to L1 
bidder. 
Lot 5 
(Hyderabad) 
200 L1 shall be determined on 
the basis of lowest quoted 
price of 12m Low Floor 
Non-AC Bus. The bidder is 
mandatorily required to 
quote for full quantity of 
buses in order to participate 
in Lot 5. Any deviation from 
this requirement shall 
result in outright rejection 
of the bid. 
Full quantity i.e. 200 no. of 
buses will be awarded to L1 
bidder. 
Lot 6 
(Delhi) 
500 L1 shall be determined on 
the basis of lowest quoted 
price of 12m Low Floor AC 
Bus. The bidder is 
mandatorily required to 
quote for full quantity of 
buses in order to participate 
in Lot 6. Any deviation from 
this requirement shall 
result in outright rejection 
of the bid. 
Full quantity i.e. 500 no. of 
buses will be awarded to L1 
bidder. 
Lot 7 
(Delhi) 
2,330 L1 shall be determined on 
the basis of lowest quoted 
price of 9m Low Floor AC 
Bus. The bidder is 
mandatorily required to 
quote for full quantity of 
buses in order to participate 
in Lot 7. Any deviation from 
this requirement shall 
result in outright rejection 
of the bid. 
CESL intends to split total 
order quantity among Two 
(02) bidders (including L-1), 
and the bifurcation of quantity 
among the L-1 and other 
bidders in the ascending order 
of their originally quoted price 
(i.e., L-2, L-3, and so on 
bidders) shall be as follows:   
L1 L2 
70% 30% 
While allocation the allocated 
quantities will be derived from 
the above percentage of 
allocation. 
Note:  The said splitting shall 

--- Page 123 ---
 
30 
be read in conjunction with 
preference to MSE’s and 
start-ups as per provisions 
of the Bidding documents. 
 
To achieve the above 
objective, the L-1’s price shall 
be offered to the L-2 bidder to 
match the price agreed with 
the L-1 bidder. In case L2 
bidder refuses to match the L-
1 price, remaining bidders in 
the ascending order of their 
originally quoted price shall be 
offered the chance to match L-
1’s price. 
All such bidders, subject to 
maximum of Two bidders, 
shall be treated as successful 
bidders. 
In case of single vendor 
situation, award may be given 
for the 70% quantity after 
establishing rate reasonability 
by CESL. However, CESL shall 
award more quantity (not 
exceeding 100% quantity) in 
proportion to the experience & 
qualification requirement 
(ATO) of the L1 bidder. 
Lot 8 
(Delhi) 
500 L1 shall be determined on 
the basis of lowest quoted 
price of 7m Low Floor AC 
Bus. The bidder is 
mandatorily required to 
quote for full quantity of 
buses in order to participate 
in Lot 8. Any deviation from 
this requirement shall 
result in outright rejection 
of the bid. 
Full quantity i.e. 500 no. of 
buses will be awarded to L1 
bidder. 
 
 
 
1. The Bidder may participate in the Bid for any number of Lots. 
2. Payment to the Selected Bidder will be made as per the Quoted rate for each type of bus in that 
Lot.  

--- Page 124 ---
 
31 
CESL shall appoint Selected Bidder(s) for each State in the following manner: 
 
1. The Financial bids of those Bidders who are found responsive and are qualified in accordance with 
the terms of this RfP shall be opened and evaluated independently for each Lot, depending on the 
INR per km rate quoted by the Bidders. 
2. A list of all such Bidders whose financial bids are opened will be prepared ranking the Lowest Bidder 
(L1) up to the Highest Bidder (H1) separately for each Lot. (“Rank List”). 
3. The Bidder quoting the Lowest Price (L1 Bidder) shall be considered the “Preferred Bidder” for each 
Lot. 
4. CESL, and only CESL, retains right to negotiate with the bidder(s). CESL also does not bind itself 
to accept the preferred bid before or after the negotiations and it reserves the right to accept or reject 
any bid, in whole or in part. To be clear, this right is not automatically passed on to Cities participating 
in this Tender. 
5. Upon opening of the Price bids, in case Price quoted by Lowest Bidder in relation to the market rate 
or its internal estimate or Good Industry Practice is found to be not as per market benchmark, CESL 
shall be entitled to solicit, at its sole discretion, detailed price analysis for any or all items specified 
in Price Bid, from the said bidder to demonstrate the internal consistency of those prices. 
6. After the financial evaluation of the submitted bids, CESL shall declare the Preferred Bidder(s) as 
Selected Bidder(s) if it’s/their bid(s) is/are most favorable as per the provisions of RfP and shall issue 
LoCQ (Letter of confirmation of quantity) for each City to the Selected Bidder. 
7. CESL shall suggest to Authority for issuance of LoA and further agreement signing with these 
Selected Bidder(s). 
8. The Bidder shall submit a declaration, in the format provided at Annexure-24 (Section-6), specifying 
the Lots in which it wishes to participate. Evaluation shall be carried out only for those Lots that the 
Bidder has declared in Annexure-24 as the participated Lots. 
 
13. PREPARATION AND SUBMISSION OF TECHNICAL BID AND PRICE BID 
13.1 Format and Signing of Bid 
a. The Bidder shall provide all the information sought under this RfP. CESL will evaluate only those 
bids that are received online in the required formats and complete in all respects. Bid Security, cost 
of bid document, Power of Attorney (POA) and Joint Bidding/ Consortium Agreement etc. as 
specified in the RFP are to be submitted in hard copies. 
b. The Bid shall be typed and signed in indelible blue ink/digitally signed by the authorized signatory 
of the Bidder. All the alterations, omissions, additions, or any other amendments made to the Bid 
shall be initialed by the person(s) signing the Bid. 
c. All pages of the Bid shall be serially numbered, and Bid shall comprise of index mentioning the 
details of all the appendices and annexures and other documents submitted by the Bidder.  
13.2 All the information and documents in Bid shall be submitted in English language only. 
13.3 Bidders shall mention the name, designation, telephone number, fax number, email address of the 
authorized signatory and complete address of the Bidder in the covering letter as per annexure 1 in Section 

--- Page 125 ---
 
32 
6. 
13.4 All pages of the Bid shall be initialed and stamped by the authorized signatory on behalf of the Bidder. 
13.5 A Bidder shall submit only one Bid in the same bidding process, either individually as Bidder or as a 
Member of a Consortium. 
13.6 The technical and financial capability of a particular company / particular project (Parent and/ or 
Associate) shall not be used directly or indirectly by more than one Bidder/ Member of a Consortium 
including Lead Member / Bidder. 
13.7 This Request for Proposal (RfP) document is not transferable. The RfP document and the information 
contained therein is for the use only by the Bidder to whom it is issued. It may not be copied or distributed 
by the recipient to third parties (other than in confidence to the recipient’s professional advisors). In the 
event that the recipient does not continue with its involvement in the Project, this RfP document must be 
kept confidential. 
13.8 Though adequate care has been taken while preparing this RfP document, the Bidder shall satisfy himself 
that the document is complete in all respects. Intimation of any discrepancy shall be given to CESL 
immediately. If no intimation is received from any Bidder within ten (10) days from the date of issue of 
RfP document, it shall be considered that the RfP document is complete in all respects and has been 
received by the Bidder. 
13.9 Bids submitted by the Bidder and opened on scheduled date and time as stipulated in this RfP shall 
become the property of CESL and CESL shall have no obligation to return the same to the Bidder. 
13.10 CESL may, at its sole discretion, ask for additional information / document and/or seek clarifications 
from a Bidder after the Bid Due Date, inter alia, for the purposes of removal of inconsistencies or 
infirmities in its Bid. However, no change in the substance of the Financial Bid shall be sought or 
permitted by CESL. 
13.11 Non submission and/or submission of incomplete data/ information required under the provisions of RfP 
shall not be construed as waiver on the part of CESL of the obligation of the Bidder to furnish the said 
data / information unless the waiver is in writing. 
13.12 All Bidders are required to ensure compliance with all the Applicable Laws. 
14. DOCUMENTS COMPRISING TECHNICAL AND FINANCIAL BID 
The Bidder shall submit the Technical Bid & Financial Bid online through CESL’s e-procurement portal 
comprising of the following documents along with supporting documents as appropriate and in the format 
specified in Section 6 of this Tender Document: 
14.1 Technical Bid: 
The Bidder is required to submit the applicable documents in their Bid as per the Checklist provided below:  
Sr. No.  Description 
1 Bid Document Cost 
2 Covering Letter  
3 Bid Security/Bid Bond 
4 Power of Attorney 

--- Page 126 ---
 
33 
Sr. No.  Description 
5 Bidder’s composition and ownership structure 
6 Authorization to Bank 
7 Consortium Agreement, if required 
8 Letter of Consent from each Consortium Member, including Lead Member, if required 
9 Board Resolution 
10 Proforma of Letter of Undertaking 
11 Affidavit format 
12 Financial Qualification Requirement 
13 Technical Qualification Requirement 
14 Bidders Undertaking and details of Equity Investment 
15 Additional information for technical and financial eligibility 
16 Fraud prevention policy 
17 Certificate for not being debarred /blacklisted from any GoI agency at the time of bid 
submission 
18 Self-Declaration for testing certificate 
19 Certificate for Indigenous content 
20 Compliance for MeiTY requirement 
21 Certificate for declaring local content 
22 Self-Declaration regarding “Restrictions on procurement from a Bidder of a country which 
shares a land border with India”  
23 Bank Details -Attachment 09 (RTGS/NEFT) 
24 Quoted Lot declaration as per Attachment-13 of Section-6. 
25 No Deviation Statement 
26 Available Production Capacity  
 
The Bidder shall submit POA, Bid Security, Joint Bidding Agreement (JBA), any Affidavit in hard copy as 
mentioned in Clause 13 before the bid submission due date.  
 
14.2 Price bid 
Format is prescribed at Annexure A of this RfP document (online only). 
The Bidder shall not mention the Financial Bid i.e., the Bid Price, anywhere in the Technical Bid. In the case, the 
Bidder mentions the same, the Bid will be rejected. 
15. OTHER REQUIREMENTS 
15.1 Bidders shall ensure that any number mentioned in the Price bid shall be followed by words in relation to 
such numerical format of the number, and in the event there is a conflict in the numerical and word format 
of the number, the number provided in words shall prevail. 
15.2 In case of the Bidder being a company incorporated in India under or prior to the Companies Act, 1956 
(as amended or re- enacted or restated, and including the Companies Act, 2013 as notified from time to 
time), the power of attorney (POA) in favor of Authorized Signatory shall be submitted in the format 

--- Page 127 ---
 
34 
provided in Annexure 3 and 4 of Section 6. The POA shall be supported by a board resolution (as per the 
format in Annexure 9 of Section 6. 
15.3 The Selected Bidder and the Authority are encouraged to facilitate the participation of women in the 
implementation of the  electric buses project, under the PM E-DRIVE scheme. 
16. REJECTION OF BID 
16.1 CESL reserves the right to verify all statements, information and documents submitted by the Bidder in 
response to the RfP and the Bidder shall, when so required by CESL, make available all such information, 
evidence and documents as may be necessary for such verification. Any such verification, or lack of such 
verification by CESL shall not relieve the Bidder of its obligations or liabilities hereunder nor will it 
affect any rights of the Authority thereunder. 
16.2 CESL reserves the right to reject any Bid or take other administrative action if: 
a. At any time, a material misrepresentation is made or uncovered, or 
b. The Bidder does not provide, within the time specified by CESL, the supplemental information 
sought by the Authority for evaluation of the Bid. 
c. Such misrepresentation/ improper response shall lead to the disqualification of the Selected Bidder. 
If the Selected Bidder is a Consortium, then the entire Consortium may be disqualified/ rejected. If 
such disqualification/ rejection occurs after the Bids have been opened and the lowest Bidder gets 
disqualified/rejected, then CESL reserves the right to annul the Bidding Process and invite fresh 
Bids.  
16.3 A bid can be rejected by CESL without any further correspondence, as non-responsive, if, 
a. Technical and/or price bid is not submitted online in the manner as prescribed is not in conformity 
with the terms and provisions. 
b. Technical and/or price bid is not submitted /incomplete submitted in the bid-forms. 
c. Price Bid submitted in physical form shall be considered nonresponsive and rejected. 
d. Bid security (EMD) and RfP fees or EMD do not conform to the provisions set forth in this RfP is 
not submitted. 
e. The bidder engages in any fraudulent practices defined in Clause 20 of this RfP. 
f. A bidder or a member of consortium  submits or participates in more than one bid for a particular 
Lot under this RfP. 
g. Record of poor performance such as abandoning the work, rescinding of contract for which the 
reasons are attributable to the non-performance of the bidder or consistent history of litigation 
awarded against the applicant or financial failure due to bankruptcy is observed. 
h. Bidder is debarred or terminated or blacklisted in India by Central Govt. organization / State Govt. 
organization/any Municipal Corporation / ULBs etc. 
i. The Bidder or any of its Associates has had any of their contracts terminated by any central, state, 
or local government or government instrumentality for breach of such contract by the Bidder or any 
of its Associates, and that such termination has not been set aside or stayed by a competent judicial 

--- Page 128 ---
 
35 
authority. 
j. The Bidder or any of its Associates has been categorized as a willful defaulter by any lender, in 
accordance with applicable laws. 
k. CESL reserves the right to seek information and evidence from the Bidders with respect to their 
continued eligibility at any time during the Bidding Process and each Bidder undertakes to promptly 
provide all of the information and evidence requested by CESL. 
l. Any of the directors has a criminal history or has been convicted by any court of law for any of the 
offenses under any Indian laws. 
m. Any criminal proceeding is pending in any court of law in India against any of the directors and if 
any such proceeding culminates into conviction. 
n. If Bidder makes an effort to influence CESL in its decisions on bid evaluation, Bid comparison or 
selection of the successful Bidder. 
o. Bidders may specifically note that while evaluating the Bid, if it comes to CESL’s knowledge 
expressly or implied, that some Bidders may have compounded in any manner whatsoever or 
otherwise joined to form an alliance resulting in distorting competitive price discovery or delaying 
the processing of Bid, then the Bidders so involved are liable to be disqualified for this contract as 
well as future bids/contracts. 
16.4 Predatory Pricing/Abnormally high price. In case the Price Bid of the Lowest Bidder is found to be 
unrealistically lower or unrealistically higher than internal estimate/benchmark or market rate or Good 
Industry Practice, CESL reserves the right to seek written clarifications from the Bidder, including 
detailed price analyses of its Bid price in relation to scope, schedule, allocation of risks and 
responsibilities, and any other requirements of the bid document. If, after evaluating the price analyses, 
the price is found to be abnormally higher than market benchmark, then the Bid/Proposal may be rejected 
as non-responsive and will not be considered any further for award. 
16.5 Cartel Formation/Pool Rates. It is possible that sometimes a group of bidders quote the same rate 
against a tender. Such pool/cartel formation is against the basic principle of competitive bidding and 
defeats the very purpose of an open and competitive tendering system. Such and similar tactics to 
avoid/control true competition in a tender “leading to "Appreciable Adverse Effect on “Competition" 
(AAEC) have been declared as an offence under the Competition Act, 2002, as amended by the 
Competition (Amendment) Act, 2007. In case of evidence of cartel formation, CESL may carry out 
detailed cost analysis by associating experts if necessary, and if the same is established, suitable 
administrative actions can be resorted to by CESL such as rejecting the offers, reporting the matter to 
trade associations, the Competition Commission or NSIC, etc., and requesting them, inter-alia, to take 
suitable strong actions against such firms. 
17. SIGNING OF CONCESSION AGREEMENT 
17.1 The Letter of Confirmation of the Quantity (LoCQ) will be issued by CESL to selected bidders. Letter of 
Confirmation of Demand(LoCD) to cities will also be issued by CESL. 
17.2 City shall issue Letter of Award (LoA) to the selected bidder and the Selected Bidders (s) would be 
required to execute the Concession Agreement as per the timelines defined within this RfP. The 
Concession agreement that shall be signed between the Authority and Selected Bidder under this Project 

--- Page 129 ---
 
36 
is provided in Volume 2 of this RfP.  
17.3 All incidental expenses related to execution of the Concession Agreement shall be borne by the Selected 
Bidder. 
18. CONTACTS DURING BID EVALUATION 
Bids shall be deemed to be under consideration immediately after they are opened and until such time 
CESL makes official intimation of award/ rejection to the bidders. While the bids are under consideration, 
bidders and/ or their representatives or other interested parties are advised to refrain, from contacting by 
any means, CESL and/ or their employees/representatives on matters related to the bids under 
consideration. 
19. CONFIDENTIALITY AND PROPRIETARY DATA 
Information relating to the examination, clarification, evaluation, and recommendation for the bidders 
shall not be disclosed to any person who is not officially concerned with the process or is not a retained 
professional advisor advising CESL in relation to, or matters arising out of, or concerning the bidding 
process. CESL will treat all information, submitted as part of the bid, in confidence and will require all 
those who have access to such material to treat the same in confidence. CESL may not divulge any such 
information unless it is directed to do so by any statutory entity that has the power under law to require 
its disclosure or is to enforce or assert any right or privilege of the statutory entity and/ or CESL or as may 
be required by law or in connection with any legal process. 
All documents and other information supplied by the Authority or submitted by a Bidder to the Authority 
shall remain or become the property of the Authority. 
Bidders are to treat all information as strictly confidential and shall not use it for any purpose other than 
for preparation and submission of their Bid. The Authority will not return any Bid or any information 
provided along therewith. 
20. FRAUDULENT AND CORRUPT PRACTICES 
20.1 The Bidders and their respective officers, employees, agents and advisers shall observe the highest 
standard of ethics during the Bidding Process. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, 
CESL may reject a Bid without being liable in any manner whatsoever to the Applicant if it determines 
that the Bidder has, directly or indirectly or through an agent, engaged in corrupt practice, fraudulent 
practice, coercive practice, undesirable practice or restrictive practice in the Bidding Process. 
a. Without prejudice to the rights of CESL under Clause a) hereinabove, if a Bidder is found by CESL 
to have directly or indirectly or through an agent, engaged or indulged in any corrupt practice, 
fraudulent practice, coercive practice, undesirable practice or restrictive practice during the Bidding 
Process, such Bidder shall not be eligible to participate in any tender or RfP issued by CESL during 
a period of 2 (two) years from the date such Bidder is found by CESL to have directly or indirectly 
or through an agent, engaged or indulged in any corrupt practice, fraudulent practice, coercive 
practice, undesirable practice or restrictive practice, as the case may be. 

--- Page 130 ---
 
37 
b. For the purposes of this clause, the following terms shall have the meaning hereinafter respectively 
assigned to them: 
20.2 “Corrupt practice” means the offering, giving, receiving, or soliciting, directly or indirectly, of 
anything of value to influence the actions of any person connected with the bidding process (for avoidance 
of doubt, offering of employment to or employing or engaging in any manner whatsoever, directly or 
indirectly, any official of CESL who is or has been associated in any manner, directly or indirectly, with 
the bidding process or the LOA or has dealt with matters concerning the contract or arising there from, 
before or after the execution thereof, at any time prior to the expiry of one year from the date such official 
resigns or retires from or otherwise ceases to be in the service of CESL, shall be deemed to constitute 
influencing the actions of a person connected with the bidding process); or 
Engaging in any manner whatsoever, whether during the bidding process or after the issue of the LOA or 
after the execution of the contract, any person in respect of any matter relating to the project or the LOA 
or the contract or otherwise, who at any time has been or is a legal, financial or technical adviser of CESL 
in relation to any matter concerning the project; 
20.3 “Fraudulent practice” means a misrepresentation or omission of facts or suppression of facts or 
disclosure of incomplete facts, in order to influence the Bidding Process. 
20.4 “Coercive practice” means impairing or harming, or threatening to impair or harm, directly or indirectly, 
any person or property to influence any person’s participation or action in the Bidding Process. 
20.5 “Undesirable practice” means (i) establishing contact with any person connected with or employed or 
engaged by CESL with the objective of canvassing, lobbying or in any manner influencing or attempting 
to influence the Bidding Process; or (ii) having a Conflict of Interest; and 
20.6 “Restrictive practice” means forming a cartel or arriving at any understanding or arrangement among 
Bidders with the objective of restricting or manipulating a full and fair competition in the Bidding 
Process. 
  

--- Page 131 ---
 
38 
21. INSPECTION AND PROCUREMENT SCHEDULE 
21.1 The procurement of bus after the award of contract shall be subject to prototype approval by City (and/or 
any officials/agency nominated by City). The City (and/or any officials/agency nominated by City) will carry out 
a detailed inspection and trial of the prototype bus to ensure compliance with RfP specifications including 
particularly bus battery capacity and range, quality of the bus and workmanship. Bidder should provide 
testing certificates as per the requirement stated in Volume 1 with the Technical Bid which will comply 
the statutory requirements as stipulated in Motor Vehicles Act, 1988 /Central Motor Vehicle Rules 
including the CMVR Type Approval of the Electric bus offered on or before prototype bus inspection. 
The bus manufacturing facility shall be accredited by an authorized testing agency and shall submit  valid 
certificate at the time of prototype bus inspection. 
21.2 The test trial of prototype bus includes  the measurement of its performance in terms of battery capacity, 
battery range as well to ensure the compatibility of the charging requirement of electric bus with 
subsisting bus schedule including successful demonstration of ITS integration with the 
Authority/Centralized ITMS platform The Authority shall ensure the full operational functionality of the 
ITMS platform during the test trial period. The Operator shall not be held responsible for any delay, 
failure, or non-performance arising from the non-availability or malfunctioning of the ITMS platform at 
the Authority’s end. In case of any non-compliance in the final prototype bus, remedial work shall be 
immediately carried out by the operator at its own risk and cost. In the event of operator not being able 
to showcase a prototype bus meeting RfP specification within 180 days beyond the stipulated date of 
prototype delivery, then, it shall be considered an event of default by the operator leading to annulment 
of the award of contract and termination of the agreement.  
21.3 The Buses are required to be in compliance with the technical specifications as per Section 4 Volume 3 
of this RfP. 
21.4 A tentative timeline for the procurement is provided below:  
 
S. No.Details Timeline 
1 Bid Due Date T0 
2 Issuance of LoCQ to Bidders (T1) T1 
3 Issuance of LoA by the Authority (T2) T1 + 4 Weeks 
4 Submission of performance security and signing of Concession 
agreement (T3) 
T2 + 8 Weeks 
5 Prototype testing and approval of the same (T4) T3 + 8 weeks 
6 Completion of conditions precedent and handover of depots by 
the STU/Authority (T5) 
T3 + 16Weeks 
7 Fit-out works completion and delivery of min 15% Buses qty 
(T6) T5 + 8 Weeks 
8 Delivery of minimum 40% Buses qty (T7) T6 + 16 Weeks  
9 Delivery of minimum 70% Buses qty (T8) T7 + 16 Weeks  
10 Delivery of 100% Buses qty awarded in the LOA T8 + 16 Weeks 
22. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 

--- Page 132 ---
 
39 
The Bidding Process shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of India and the 
Courts at New Delhi shall have exclusive jurisdiction over all disputes arising under, pursuant to and/ or 
in connection with the Bidding Process. 
 
 
23. INDEMNITY 
23.1 CESL in its sole discretion and without incurring any obligation or liability, reserves the right, at 
any time, to; 
a) Suspend and/ or cancel the bidding process and/ or amend and/ or supplement the bidding process or 
modify the dates or other terms and conditions relating thereto. 
b) Consult with any Bidder in order to receive clarification or further information. 
c) Retain any information and/ or evidence submitted to CESL by, on behalf of, and/ or in relation to 
any Bidder; and/ or 
d) Independently verify, disqualify, reject and/ or accept any and all submissions or other information 
and/ or evidence submitted by or on behalf of any Bidder. 
23.2 It is deemed that by submitting the Bid/ Eligibility and Qualification Submission, the Bidder agrees and 
releases CESL, its employees, agents and advisers, irrevocably, unconditionally, fully and finally from 
any and all liability for claims, losses, damages, costs, expenses or liabilities in any way related to or 
arising from the exercise of any rights and/ or performance of any obligations hereunder, pursuant hereto 
and/ or in connection with the Bidding Process, deployment, operation & maintenance of buses and 
waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws, any and all rights and/or claims it may have in 
this respect, whether actual or contingent, whether present or in future. 
24. INDIGENIZATION REQUIREMENT 
Bidder should comply Phased Manufacturing Program (PMP) guidelines issued by Gazette notification of 
Ministry of Heavy Industries (MHI) notified on 03rd March 2025; S.O. 1078 (E)-PM Electric Drive Revolution 
in innovative vehicle enhancement (PM E-DRIVE) Scheme and Operational Guidelines for PM E-DRIVE 
Scheme or as updated/applicable from time to time along with any latest guidelines issued by MHI on PMP for 
Electric Vehicle (e-Buses) as applicable. 
Bidder should also comply Phased Manufacturing Program (PMP) for EV public charging stations  issued by 
Ministry of Heavy Industries (MHI) as notified on 29th September 2024 S,O.4259(E.)- PM Electric Drive 
Revolution in innovative vehicle enhancement (PM E-DRIVE) Scheme or as updated/applicable from time to 
time along with any latest guidelines issued by MHI on PMP for EV Chargers as applicable. 
Bidder should also comply to PM E-DRIVE Scheme notification and guidelines or as updated/applicable from 
time to time.  
  

--- Page 133 ---
 
40 
ANNEXURE A: PRICE BID FORMAT 
(Produced here for illustration purpose: to be filled-up Online only) 
Name of Work: Selection of Bus Operator for Procurement, Supply, Operation & Maintenance and 
Development of Allied Electric & Civil Infrastructure on Gross Cost Contracting (GCC) for 2,900 
Electric Buses under PM E-DRIVE Scheme Tender-II & 3,330 for Delhi totaling to 6,230 number of 
electric buses 
1. Price Bid Format for Pune (Lot 1)-200 No’s 
Pune (Lot 1) 
S.No. Item Short  
Description 
Quantity Unit of 
Measurement 
Unit Price (excl. GST) 
per unit per KM  
(in INR) 
Unit Price (excl. GST) 
per unit per KM (in 
INR) (In Words) 
1 9m Low Floor  
Non AC 
1 Per km Bidder to fill online System auto calculated 
 
2. Price Bid Format for Pune Lot(2) -800 No’s 
Pune (Lot 2) 
S.No. Item Short 
Description 
Quantity Unit of 
Measurement 
Unit Price (excl. 
GST) per unit per 
KM  
(in INR) 
Unit Price (excl. GST) per 
unit per KM (in INR) (In 
Words) 
1 12m BRT Non AC Bus 1  Per km Bidder to fill online  System auto calculated 
 
3. Price Bid Format for Mumbai (Lot 3) -1500 No’s 
Mumbai (Lot 3) 
S.No. Item Short 
Description 
Quantity Unit of 
Measurement 
Unit Price (excl. 
GST) per unit per 
KM  
(in INR) 
Unit Price (excl. GST) per 
unit per KM (in INR) (In 
Words) 
1 9m Low Floor AC Bus 1  Per km Bidder to fill online System auto calculated 
 
4.   Price Bid Format for Ahmedabad (Lot 4) -200 No’s 
Ahmedabad (Lot 4) 
S.No. Item Short 
Description 
Quantity Unit of 
Measurement 
Unit Price (excl. 
GST) per unit per 
KM  
(in INR) 
Unit Price (excl. GST) per 
unit per KM (in INR) (In 
Words) 
1 9m BRT AC Bus 1  Per km Bidder to fill online System auto calculated 
5.   Price Bid Format for Hyderabad (Lot 5) -200No’s 

--- Page 134 ---
 
41 
Hyderabad (Lot 5) 
S.No. Item Short Description Quantity Unit of 
Measurement 
Unit Price (excl. 
GST) per unit per 
KM  
(in INR) 
Unit Price (excl. GST) per 
unit per KM (in INR) (In 
Words) 
1 12m Low Floor Non AC 1 Per km Bidder to fill online System auto calculated 
 
6.   Price Bid Format for Delhi (Lot 6) -500 No’s 
Delhi (Lot 6) 
S.No. Item Short Description Quantity Unit of 
Measurement 
Unit Price (excl. 
GST) per unit per 
KM  
(in INR) 
Unit Price (excl. GST) per 
unit per KM (in INR) (In 
Words) 
1 12m Low Floor AC Bus 1 Per km Bidder to fill online System auto calculated 
7.   Price Bid Format for Delhi (Lot 7) -2,330 No’s 
Delhi (Lot 7) 
S.No. Item Short 
Description 
Quantity Unit of 
Measurement 
Unit Price (excl. 
GST) per unit per 
KM  
(in INR) 
Unit Price (excl. GST) per 
unit per KM (in INR) (In 
Words) 
1 9m Low Floor AC Bus 1 Per km Bidder to fill online System auto calculated 
8.   Price Bid Format for Delhi (Lot 8) -500 No’s 
Delhi (Lot 8) 
S.No. Item Short 
Description 
Quantity Unit of 
Measurement 
Unit Price (excl. 
GST) per unit per 
KM  
(in INR) 
Unit Price (excl. GST) per 
unit per KM (in INR) (In 
Words) 
1 7m Low Floor AC Bus 1  Per km Bidder to fill online System auto calculated 
 
Notes applicable to above Table: 
Quoted base price per km (in INR) to be exclusive of all Taxes (IGST/CGST/SGST/UGST, etc). 1. Prices once quoted shall remain firm and shall not be subjected to any escalation other than in accordance with the provisions of this RfP. 2. Deposit of all statutory taxes, duties, levies etc. to government authorities shall be the sole responsibility of the Selected Bidder and the Selected Bidder shall indemnify CESL and the Authority for any tax claims, litigations, notices, etc. issued by the statutory /Government or State authorities. However, any taxes on GCC Unit Rate will have to be borne by the Authority, if any. 3. I/we have read all the terms and conditions of the RfP and agree to accept and abide by the same in total. The above quotation has been prepared after taking into account all the terms and conditions of the Tender/IFB/NIT. 
 
Dated  

--- Page 135 ---
 
42 
Signature of Tenderer or their Authorized representative 
Name of the Authorized Signatory  
 (SEAL) 
Name and Address of Tenderer: 
……………………………….. Phone no……………………..  

--- Page 136 ---
 
43 
ANNEXURE B: LOT-WISE DEMAND 
Lot No City Bus Type Total Qty 
Lot 1 Pune 9m LF Non AC 200  
Lot 2 Pune 12m BRT Non AC 800  
Lot 3 Mumbai 9m LF AC 1500  
Lot 4 Ahmedabad 9m BRT AC 200  
Lot 5  Hyderabad 12m LF Non AC 200  
Lot 6  Delhi 12m LF AC 500  
Lot 7 Delhi 9m LF AC 2330  
Lot 8 Delhi 7m LF AC 500  
Total 6,230  
Note: LF – Low Floor, BRT – Bus Rapid Transit 
 
 
  

--- Page 137 ---
 
44 
ANNEXURE C: DEPOT DETAILS (1) Pune   (2) Mumbai  
 

--- Page 138 ---
 
45 
    (3) Ahmedabad  

--- Page 139 ---
 
46 
  (4) Hyderabad  

--- Page 140 ---
 
47 
                       

--- Page 141 ---
 
48 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Note:  
1. Please note that the depot details are tentative and are based on information shared by the cities. The 
location of these depots might change. Bidders may conduct due-diligence  / site visits to the depot 
locations to understand the requirements at the ground level, before submission of bid. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 142 ---
 
49 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANNEXURE D: LIST OF APPLICABLE LAWS 
1. Guidelines issued in Order No. F/No.6/18/2019-PPD by Ministry of Finance, Department of 
Expenditure, Public Procurement Division dated 23 July 2020 
2. Order No No.9/16/2016-Trans-Part (2) dated 18 November 2020 
3. Government of India Guidelines for Make in India, domestically manufactured products, Atmanirbhar 
Bharat and circulars. DIPP Office Memorandum No. P-45021/2/2017-PP (BE-II)-Part(4) (Vol.II) date: 
19th July. 2024, or any latest revision issued from time to time. 
4. MeitY Circular No.1(10)/2017-CLES dated 06.12.2019  
5. Order No. 11/05/2018-Coord. by the Ministry of Power dated 17 September 2020 including any 
amendments or modifications to the same from time to time. 
6. Restriction on public procurement from bidders of certain countries as per the Office Memorandum 
issued by Department of Expenditure No.F.7/10/2021-PPD dated 11 September 2023 
7. Order for Public Procurement no. 4: F-7/10/2021-PPD (1) dt. 23.02.2023 
8. Battery Waste Management Rules (2022) and the E-waste (Management) Rules as amended from time 
to time. 
9. Any other relevant law modified from time to time that may be applicable to this RfP Volume 1 
10. Guidelines for Installation and Operation of Electric Vehicle Charging Infrastructure-2024 No. 
12/2/2018-EV dated 17th September 2024issued by Ministry of Power, Government of India, as 
amended from time to time. 
11. PM E-DRIVE Scheme Gazette notification and Guidelines issued by Ministry of Heavy Industries 
(MHI) on 29th September 2024 SO.4259(E.)- PM Electric Drive Revolution in innovative vehicle 
enhancement (PM E-DRIVE) Scheme including Phased Manufacturing Program (PMP) for EV public 
charging stations as amended from time to time. 
12. Gazette notification on Phased Manufacturing Program (PMP)  issued vide S.O. 1078(E) dated 03 
March 2025 under PM E-DRIVE  as amended from time to time. 

--- Page 143 ---
 
50 
13. Guidelines issued in Gazette Notification as notified on 28th October 2024 S.O. 4711(E)- PM-eBus 
Sewa-Payment Security Mechanism (PSM) scheme for Procurement and Operation of Electric Buses 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANNEXURE E: BIDDER AFFIDAVIT 
(to be submitted by the Bidder) 
(To be on non-judicial stamp paper of appropriate value as per Stamp Act) 
We [including any of our Parent company, Associate and Consortium Member], hereby declare that as on 
Bid Due Date shall: 
 
a) Ensure that the OEM(s) supplying the Buses under the Concession Agreement has not been 
blacklisted or barred from carrying out its business by any Regulator / Government 
Authority/Court of Law at the time of OEM declaration.  
b) Ensure that the OEM(s) supplying the Buses will manufacture and Supply the Electric Buses as 
per the specifications provided in “Technical Specifications for Type-I Buses” listed in Section 4 
Volume 3 of the PM E-DRIVE tender document. 
c) Ensure that the Type approval and Homologation certificate shall be provided as per terms and 
conditions of this RfP, for the Buses being supplied to the Authority under the Agreement. 
d) Ensure that we will provide CESL a written confirmation confirming the name of the OEM(s) 
that will supply the Buses under the Concession Agreement within 30 days of receipt of LOA 
from the Authority. Further, we will ensure that the OEM(s) supplying the Buses should meet the 
following conditions: 
1. Have regularly for at least the last one year, ending 31st March of the previous financial 
year’ i.e. 31.03.2025, manufactured and supplied electric buses.; and 
2. Have manufactured and supplied at least 25 ‘Electric Buses’ in at least one of the last five 
financial years’ or in the current financial year; and 
3. Have an available capacity (i.e. capacity after meeting all their current commitments) to 
manufacture and supply at least 60% of the quantity bidder is bidding for. (As per 
Annexure-26 of Section 6 of RfP) 
4.  All the requisite certificates shall be provided as per the requirement for OEM under this 
RfP. 
e) Ensure that the Product warranty undertaking and the Comprehensive Annual Maintenance 
Agreement is executed by the OEM(s) as per Schedule W and Schedule Z respectively of the 
Concession Agreement. Additionally, we will ensure that both these agreements are counter-
signed by us, the Operator. 

--- Page 144 ---
 
51 
f) We further undertake to inform the CESL of any such matter as mentioned above on its occurrence 
after the date of this affidavit till the Effective Date. 
g) We undertake that, in case, any information provided in relation to this affidavit is found incorrect 
at any time hereafter, our Bid / LoCQ / Concession Agreement (if executed) would be summarily 
rejected / recalled / terminated, as the case may be and CESL will have a right to forfeit our Bid 
security or the PBG amount (as the case may be). 
  ……………………………………. 
Signature and Name of the authorized signatory of the Bidder / Lead Member of the 
Bidding Consortium 
  
………………………….. (Signature of Notary Public) 
  
Place:                 ………………………… 
Date:                 …………………………  

--- Page 145 ---
 
52 
        Volume 2 – Concession Agreement 
 
 
Procurement, Supply, Operation and Maintenance 
Of Electric Buses and Development of Allied 
Electric and Civil Infrastructure on Gross Cost 
Contracting (GCC) under 
 
PM E-DRIVE Tender 
 
CONCESSION AGREEMENT   
 
  
  
  
  

--- Page 146 ---
 
53 
  
 
CONTENTS  
 
VOLUME 2 – CONCESSION AGREEMENT 52 
1. PART I PRELIMINARY 55 
ARTICLE-1 : DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 58 
2. PART II SCOPE OF THE AGREEMENT 63 
ARTICLE-2 : SCOPE OF THE AGREEMENT 64 
ARTICLE-3 : AWARD OF CONCESSION 65 
ARTICLE-4 : CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 66 
ARTICLE-5 : OBLIGATIONS OF THE OPERATOR 70 
ARTICLE-6 : OBLIGATIONS OF THE AUTHORITY 81 
ARTICLE-7 : REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 83 
ARTICLE-8 : DISCLAIMER 86 
3. PART III DEVELOPMENT AND OPERATIONS 87 
ARTICLE-9 : PERFORMANCE SECURITY 88 
ARTICLE-10 : RIGHT OF WAY FOR DEPOTS 90 
ARTICLE-11 : UTILITIES, ASSOCIATED ROADS AND TREES 95 
ARTICLE-12 : COMPLETION OF THE MAINTENANCE DEPOTS 96 
ARTICLE-13 : PROCUREMENT OF BUSES 100 
ARTICLE-14 : ENTRY INTO COMMERCIAL SERVICE 105 
ARTICLE-15 : CHANGE OF SCOPE 108 
ARTICLE-16 : OPERATION OF BUSES 110 
ARTICLE-17 : MAINTENANCE OF BUSES 117 
ARTICLE-18 : SAFETY REQUIREMENTS 124 
ARTICLE-19 : MONITORING OF OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 126 
ARTICLE-20 : KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS 129 
4. PART IV FINANCIAL COVENANTS 135 
ARTICLE-21 : FINANCIAL CLOSE 136 
ARTICLE-22 : FEE 137 
ARTICLE-23 : DAMAGES FOR DELAY 143 
ARTICLE-24 : TRANSFER OF MAINTENANCE DEPOTS 144 
ARTICLE-25 : INSURANCE 145 
ARTICLE-26 : ACCOUNTS AND AUDIT 148 
ARTICLE-27 : ESCROW ACCOUNT 150 
ARTICLE-28 : TRAFFIC REGULATION AND SECURITY 153 
5. PART V FORCE MAJEURE AND TERMINATION 155 
ARTICLE-29 : FORCE MAJEURE 156 
ARTICLE-30 : COMPENSATION FOR BREACH OF AGREEMENT 162 
ARTICLE-31 : SUSPENSION OF OPERATOR’S RIGHTS 163 
ARTICLE-32 : TERMINATION 165 
ARTICLE-33 : DIVESTMENT OF RIGHTS AND INTEREST 173 
ARTICLE-34 : DEFECTS LIABILITY AFTER TERMINATION 178 
6. PART VI OTHER PROVISIONS 179 
ARTICLE-35 : ASSIGNMENT AND CHARGES 180 
ARTICLE-36 : CHANGE IN LAW 182 
ARTICLE-37 : LIABILITY AND INDEMNITY 184 
ARTICLE-38 : RIGHTS AND TITLE OVER SITES 188 

--- Page 147 ---
 
54 
ARTICLE-39 : DISPUTE RESOLUTION 189 
ARTICLE-40 : DISCLOSURE 192 
ARTICLE-41 : REDRESSAL OF COMPLAINTS 193 
ARTICLE-42 : MISCELLANEOUS 194 
ARTICLE-43 : DEFINITIONS 199 
SCHEDULES 218 
SCHEDULE-A : SITE OF THE MAINTENANCE DEPOT 219 
SCHEDULE-B : SPECIFICATIONS AND STANDARDS 223 
SCHEDULE-C : APPLICABLE PERMITS 224 
SCHEDULE-D : PERFORMANCE SECURITY 225 
SCHEDULE-E : MAINTENANCE DEPOT COMPLETION SCHEDULE 235 
SCHEDULE-F : DESIGN AND DRAWINGS 236 
SCHEDULE-G :  DELIVERY SCHEDULE 237 
SCHEDULE-H : TESTS 238 
SCHEDULE-I : OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE REQUIREMENTS 240 
SCHEDULE-J : DEPLOYMENT PLAN 242 
SCHEDULE-K : SAFETY REQUIREMENTS 243 
SCHEDULE-L : MAINTENANCE DEPOTS EQUIPMENT 245 
SCHEDULE-M : ESCROW AGREEMENT 248 
SCHEDULE-N : STAFFING QUALIFICATIONS 260 
SCHEDULE-O : VESTING CERTIFICATE 261 
SCHEDULE-P : INTELLIGENT TRANSPORT SYSTEM 262 
SCHEDULE-Q : SUBSTITUTION AGREEMENT 267 
SCHEDULE-R :  STATEMENT OF VARIATION IN ELECTRICITY COST (ANNUAL) 277 
SCHEDULE-S : OPERATIONAL INFRACTIONS 278 
SCHEDULE-T : PANEL OF CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS 287 
SCHEDULE-U : LIQUIDATED DAMAGES PAYABLE BY THE AUTHORITY 289 
SCHEDULE-V : LIQUIDATED DAMAGES PAYABLE BY THE OPERATOR 290 
SCHEDULE-W : PRODUCT WARRANTY UNDERTAKING 291 
SCHEDULE-X : MONTHLY REPORTING FORMAT 293 
SCHEDULE-Y : KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS- DAMAGES & INCENTIVES 294 
SCHEDULE-Z : COMPREHENSIVE ANNUAL MAINTENANCE AGREEMENT 296 
 
 
 
  
  

--- Page 148 ---
 
55 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
1. Part I Preliminary  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

--- Page 149 ---
 
56 
 
CONCESSION AGREEMENT  
  
THIS CONCESSION AGREEMENT (“Agreement”) is entered into on this {the 
……………………… day of..........................., 20…..}1  
  
BETWEEN  
  
1 THE [STATE TRANSPORT AUTHORITY/MUNICIPAL ADMINISTRATION] OF [•] 
represented by [•], and having its offices at [•] (hereinafter referred to as the “Authority” which 
expression shall, unless repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, include its administrators, 
successors and assigns) of One Part;  
  
AND  
  
2 {****** Limited, a company incorporated under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 
and having its registered office at ........................., (hereinafter referred to as the “Operator” 
which expression shall, unless repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, include its 
successors and permitted assigns and substitutes) of the Other Part.  
  
WHEREAS:  
  
(A) Ministry of Heavy Industries (MHI), Government of India has approved PM Electric Drive 
Revolution in Innovative Vehicle Enhancement (PM E-DRIVE) Scheme' on 29.09.2024 to 
provide impetus to the green mobility & development of EV eco-system in the country. The 
PM E-DRIVE Scheme, with an outlay of ₹10,900 crore, shall be implemented from 1st October 
2024 to 31st March 2028, for faster adoption of electric vehicles (EVs), setting up of charging 
infrastructure and development of EV manufacturing eco-system in the country. Further, under 
this scheme CESL aggregated the demand from 05 Cities of 10,900 Buses. 
 
(B) Convergence Energy Services Ltd (“CESL”) is appointed as the centralized tendering agency 
under this scheme. CESL aggregated the demand from the cities under this scheme. As per the 
consent from MHI, ___________ nos of buses are proposed to be tendered under Phase -2 of 
the PM E-DRIVE scheme. In response to the demand aggregated by CESL, CESL  floated a 
tender “Selection of Bus Operator for Procurement, Supply, Operation and Maintenance of 
6,230 buses” (the “Request for Proposal” or “RFP”) to Bidders for undertaking the Project 
on date ………, 20….   
 
(C) After evaluation of the bids received, CESL accepted the bid of the {Selected Bidder/ 
Consortium} (the “Selected Bidder”) for the city of [●] and communicated the same to the 
Authority. 
 
1 The provisions in curly parenthesis and blank spaces shall be retained in the draft Agreement and shall be suitably modified/ filled after completion of 
the bid process to reflect the particulars relating to the Selected Bidder and other post-bid particulars.  
 

--- Page 150 ---
 
57 
 
(D) Authority issued a Letter of Award No.  .…….. dated …………. (hereinafter called the 
“LOA”) to the Selected Bidder requiring, inter alia, the execution of this Agreement within 
[●] days of the date of issue thereof.  
  
(E) Pursuant to the issuance of LOA by Authority, the Selected Bidder shall be designated as the 
Operator. In case, the Selected Bidder proposes to form a SPV in accordance with the 
provisions of the RfP, such SPV shall be incorporated as a private limited company under the 
Companies Act, 2013 and designated as the Operator which shall undertake and perform the 
obligations and exercise the rights of the Selected Bidder under the LOA, including the 
obligation to enter into this Agreement for undertaking the Project.  
  
(F) (to be added only if the SPV of the Selected Bidder is signing the Concession Agreement) By 
its letter dated …………., the Operator has also joined in the said request of the Selected Bidder 
to the Authority to accept it as the entity which shall undertake and perform the obligations 
and exercise the rights of the Selected Bidder including the obligation to enter into this 
Agreement pursuant to the LOA. The Authority has agreed to the said request of the Operator, 
has accordingly agreed to enter into this Agreement with the Operator for Supply, Operation 
and Maintenance of Buses, subject to and on the terms and conditions set forth hereinafter.  
 
NOW THEREFORE in consideration of the foregoing and the respective covenants and agreements 
set forth in this Agreement, the sufficiency and adequacy of which is hereby acknowledged, and 
intending to be legally bound hereby, the Parties agree as follows:   

--- Page 151 ---
 
58 
ARTICLE-1 : DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
 
1.1 Definitions  
  
The words and expressions beginning with capital letters are defined in this Agreement 
(including those in Article 43) shall, unless the context otherwise requires, have the meaning 
ascribed thereto herein, and the words and expressions defined in the Schedules and used 
therein shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the Schedules.  
  
1.2 Interpretation  
  
 1.2.1  In this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires, 
  
(a) references to any legislation or any provision thereof shall include amendment or re-
enactment or consolidation of such legislation or any provision thereof so far as such 
amendment or re-enactment or consolidation applies or is capable of applying to any 
transaction entered into hereunder;  
 
(b) references to laws of the State, laws of India or Indian law or regulation having the 
force of law shall include the laws, acts, ordinances, rules, regulations, bye laws or 
notifications which have the force of law in the territory of India and as from time to 
time may be amended, modified, supplemented, extended or re-enacted;  
 
(c) references to a “person” and words denoting a natural person shall be construed as a 
reference to any individual, firm, company, corporation, society, trust, government, 
state or agency of a state or any association or partnership (whether or not having 
separate legal personality) of two or more of the above and shall include successors 
and assigns;  
 
(d) the table of contents, headings or sub-headings in this Agreement are for convenience 
of reference only and shall not be used in, and shall not affect, the construction or 
interpretation of this Agreement;  
 
(e) the words “include” and “including” are to be construed without limitation and shall 
be deemed to be followed by “without limitation” or “but not limited to” whether or 
not they are followed by such phrases;  
 
(f) references to “construction” or “building” include, unless the context otherwise 
requires, investigation, design, developing, engineering, procurement, delivery, 
transportation, installation, processing, fabrication, testing, commissioning and other 
activities incidental to the construction, and “construct” or “build” shall be construed 
accordingly;  

--- Page 152 ---
 
59 
 
(g) references to “development” include, unless the context otherwise requires, 
construction, renovation, refurbishing, augmentation, upgradation and other activities 
incidental thereto, and “develop” shall be construed accordingly;  
 
(h) any reference to any period of time shall mean a reference to that according to Indian 
Standard Time;  
 
(i) any reference to “hour” shall mean a period of 60 (sixty) minutes commencing either 
on the hour or on the half hour of the clock, which by way of illustration means 5.00 
(five), 6.00 (six), 7.00 (seven) and so on being hours on the hour of the clock and 5.30 
(five thirty), 6.30 (six thirty), 7.30 (seven thirty) and so on being hours on the half hour 
of the clock;  
 
(j) any reference to a day shall mean a reference to a calendar day;  
 
(k) reference to a “business day” shall be construed as reference to a day (other than a 
Sunday and public holiday) on which banks in [Delhi] are generally open for business;  
 
(l) any reference to a month shall mean a reference to a calendar month as per the 
Gregorian calendar;  
 
(m) any reference to a “quarter” shall mean a reference to the period of 3 (three) months 
commencing from April 1, July 1, October 1, and January 1, as the case may be;  
 
(n) references to any date, period or Project Milestone shall mean and include such date, 
period or Project Milestone as may be extended pursuant to this Agreement;  
 
(o) any reference to any period commencing “from” a specified day or date and “till” or 
“until” a specified day or date shall include both such days or dates; provided that if 
the last day of any period computed under this Agreement is not a business day, then 
the period shall run until the end of the next business day;  
 
(p) the words importing singular shall include plural and vice versa;  
 
(q) references to any gender shall include the other and the neutral gender;  
 
(r) “lakh” means a hundred thousand (100,000) and “crore” means ten million 
(10,000,000);  

--- Page 153 ---
 
60 
 
(s) “indebtedness” shall be construed so as to include any obligation (whether incurred 
as principal or surety) for the payment or repayment of money, whether present or 
future, actual or contingent;  
 
(t) references to the “winding-up”, “dissolution”, “insolvency”, or “reorganization” of 
a company or corporation shall be construed so as to include any equivalent or 
analogous proceedings under the law of the jurisdiction in which such company or 
corporation is incorporated or any jurisdiction in which such company or corporation 
carries on business including the seeking of liquidation, winding-up, reorganization, 
dissolution, arrangement, protection or relief of debtors;  
 
(u) save and except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, any reference, at any time, 
to any agreement, deed, instrument, license or document of any description shall be 
construed as reference to that agreement, deed, instrument, license or other document   
as amended, varied, supplemented, modified or suspended at the time of such 
reference; provided that this Sub-clause (u) shall not operate so as to increase liabilities 
or obligations of the Authority hereunder or pursuant hereto in any manner 
whatsoever;  
 
(v) any agreement, consent, approval, authorisation, notice, communication, information 
or report required under or pursuant to this Agreement from or by any Party shall be 
valid and effective only if it is in writing under the hand of a duly authorized 
representative of such Party in this behalf and not otherwise;  
 
(w) the Schedules and Recitals to this Agreement form an integral part of this Agreement 
and will be in full force and effect as though they were expressly set out in the body of 
this Agreement;  
 
(x) references to Recitals, Articles, Clauses, Sub-clauses, Provisos or Schedules in this 
Agreement shall, except where the context otherwise requires, mean references to 
Recitals, Articles, Clauses, Sub-clauses, Provisos and Schedules of or to this 
Agreement; reference to an Annex shall, subject to anything to the contrary specified 
therein, be construed as a reference to an Annex to the Schedule in which such 
reference occurs; and reference to a Paragraph shall, subject to anything to the contrary 
specified therein, be construed as a reference to a Paragraph of the Schedule or Annex, 
as the case may be, in which such reference appears;   
 
(y) the damages payable by either Party to the other of them, as set forth in this Agreement, 
whether on per diem basis or otherwise, are mutually agreed genuine pre-estimated 
loss and damage likely to be suffered and incurred by the Party entitled to receive the 
same and are not by way of penalty (the “Damages”); and  
 

--- Page 154 ---
 
61 
(z) time shall be of the essence in the performance of the Parties’ respective obligations. 
If any time period specified herein is extended, such extended time shall also be of the 
essence.  
  
1.2.2 Unless expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, any Documentation required to be 
provided or furnished by the Operator to the Authority shall be provided free of cost and in 
three copies, and if the Authority is required to return any such Documentation with their 
comments and/or approval, they shall be entitled to retain 2 (two) copies thereof.  
  
1.2.3 The rule of construction, if any, that a contract should be interpreted against the Party 
responsible for the drafting and preparation thereof, shall not apply.  
  
1.2.4 Any word or expression used in this Agreement shall, unless otherwise defined or construed 
in this Agreement, bear its ordinary English meaning and, for these purposes, the General 
Clauses Act, 1897 shall not apply.  
  
1.3 Measurements and arithmetic conventions  
  
All measurements and calculations shall be in the metric system and calculations done to 2 
(two) decimal places, with the third digit of 5 (five) or above being rounded up and below 5 
(five) being rounded down; provided that the drawings, engineering dimensions and tolerances 
may exceed 2 (two) decimal places as required.  
  
1.4 Priority of agreements, clauses and schedules  
  
1.4.1  This Agreement, and all other agreements and documents forming part of or referred to in this 
Agreement are to be taken as mutually explanatory and, unless otherwise expressly provided 
elsewhere in this Agreement, the priority of this Agreement and other documents and 
agreements forming part hereof or referred to herein shall, in the event of any conflict between 
them, be in the following order:  
 
(a) this Agreement; and  
(b) all other agreements and documents including RfP forming part hereof or referred to 
herein, i.e. the Agreement at (a) above shall prevail over the agreements and documents 
at (b).  
  
1.4.2  Subject to the provisions of Clause 1.4.1, in case of ambiguities or discrepancies within this 
Agreement, the following shall apply: 
  
(a) between two or more Clauses of this Agreement, the provisions of a specific Clause 
relevant to the issue under consideration shall prevail over those in other Clauses;  
 

--- Page 155 ---
 
62 
(b) between the Clauses of this Agreement and the Schedules, the Clauses shall prevail 
and between Schedules and Annexes, the Schedules shall prevail;  
 
(c) between any two Schedules, the Schedule relevant to the issue shall prevail;  
 
(d) between the written description on the Drawings and the Specifications and  
Standards, the later shall prevail;  
 
(e) between the dimension scaled from the Drawing and its specific written dimension, 
the later shall prevail; and  
 
(f) between any value written in numerals and that in words, the later shall prevail.  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

--- Page 156 ---
 
63 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2. Part II Scope of the Agreement  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

--- Page 157 ---
 
64 
ARTICLE-2 : SCOPE OF THE AGREEMENT 
 
 2.1 Scope of the Agreement  
  
The scope of the Agreement (the “Scope of the Agreement”) shall mean and include, during 
the Contract Period: 
  
(a) Designing, manufacturing, procurement and supply of the buses conforming to the 
Specifications and Standards set forth in Schedule-B (the “Buses”) and in accordance 
with the provisions of this Agreement;   
 
(b) Operation and Maintenance of Buses in accordance with the provisions of this 
Agreement;  
 
(c) Equip, Operate and Maintain the Maintenance Depots on the Depot Sites specified in 
Schedule-A, in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.  
   
(d) Development, Operation and Maintenance of allied electric and civil infrastructure of 
the Charging Infrastructure at the Maintenance Depots for charging of the Buses. 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

--- Page 158 ---
 
65 
ARTICLE-3 : AWARD OF CONCESSION 
 
 3.1 The Concession  
  
3.1.1 Subject to and in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, Applicable Laws and the 
Applicable Permits, the Authority hereby awards to the Operator the right to design, 
manufacture, procure, supply, Operate and Maintain the Buses, Install, Operate and Maintain 
the Charging Infrastructure and Equip, Operate and Maintain the Maintenance Depots (the 
“Concession”) for a period commencing on and from the Appointed Date and ending on the 
date (the “Contract Period”) 
(i) falling 12 (twelve) years for Type-I bus services after the last lot COD; or  
(ii) on which average utilisation of: 10,00,000 km for all 9m and 12 m Buses, whichever is 
earlier, and the Operator hereby accepts the Concession and agrees to implement the same as 
its obligation subject to and in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein.  
 
3.1.2 Subject to and in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, the Concession hereby 
granted shall oblige or entitle (as the case may be) the Operator to: 
  
(a) Design, manufacture, procure, and supply the Buses in accordance with Applicable 
Laws, Applicable Permits, the Specifications and Standards, the Designs and Drawings 
and the provisions of this Agreement;   
(b) Operate and Maintain the Buses in accordance with Applicable Laws, Applicable 
Permits, Good Industry Practices and the provisions of this Agreement;  
(c) Right of Way, access and licence in respect of the Depot Sites for performing its 
Maintenance Obligations in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement;   
(d) Undertake the Fit Out Works and Operate and Maintain the Maintenance Depots in 
accordance with the provisions of this Agreement; 
(e) Install, Operate and Maintain the Charging Infrastructure in accordance with the 
provisions of this Agreement;   
(f) Perform and fulfil all of the Operator’s obligations under and in accordance with this 
Agreement;  
(g) Save as otherwise provided in this Agreement, bear and pay all costs, expenses and 
charges in connection with or incidental to the performance of the obligations of the 
Operator under this Agreement;  
(h) Neither assign, transfer or sublet or create any lien or Encumbrance on this Agreement 
nor transfer, sub-lease, sub-licence or part possession of the Maintenance Depots and 
the real estate related thereto including the Depot Site, save and except as expressly 
permitted by this Agreement; 
 
  

--- Page 159 ---
 
66 
ARTICLE-4 : CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 
 
4.1 Conditions Precedent  
  
4.1.1 The Authority and the Operator shall meet the Conditions Precedent as defined in this section 
after Agreement signing. Save and except as provided in Articles 4, 7, 8, 9, 10, 13.4, 13.6, 16.5, 
21, 29, 30, 35, 37, 39 and 42, or unless the context otherwise requires, the respective rights and 
obligations of the Parties under this Agreement shall be subject to the satisfaction in full of the 
conditions precedent specified in this Clause 4.1 (the “Conditions Precedent”). Provided, 
however, that a Party may grant a waiver from satisfaction of any Condition Precedent by the 
other Party in accordance with the provisions of Clauses 4.1.2 or 4.1.3, as the case may be, and 
to the extent of such waiver, that Condition Precedent shall be deemed to be fulfilled for the 
purposes of this Clause 4.1.1.  
  
4.1.2 The Conditions Precedent required to be satisfied by the Authority prior to the Appointed Date 
shall be deemed to have been fulfilled when the Authority shall have:  
  
(a) handed over to the Operator unencumbered and vacant possession and Right of Way 
to those Maintenance Depots that are required to be handed over prior to the Appointed 
Date in accordance with the provisions of Clause 10.2.4;  
 
(b)  procured all Authority Applicable Permits as specified in Schedule-C; 
  
(c) subject to Clause 4.1.3(a), executed the Escrow Agreement;  
 
(d) subject to Clause 4.1.3(b), executed the Substitution Agreement;  
 
(e) if not already provided as on the date of this Agreement, the Authority shall, within 30 
(thirty) days from the date of this Agreement, submit the Deployment Plan to the 
Operator in accordance with Clause 16.5. 
 
 
Provided that upon request in writing by the Authority, the Operator may, in its discretion, waive any 
of the Conditions Precedent set forth in this Clause 4.1.2.  For the avoidance of doubt, the Operator 
may, in its sole discretion, grant any waiver hereunder with such conditions as it may deem fit. 
  
4.1.3  The Conditions Precedent required to be satisfied by the Operator shall be deemed to have 
been fulfilled when the Operator shall have:  
 
(a) executed the Escrow Agreement;  
(b) executed the Substitution Agreement; 
 

--- Page 160 ---
 
67 
(c) delivered to the Authority from the Consortium Members, their respective}2 
confirmation, in original, of the correctness of their representations and warranties set 
forth in sub-clauses (k), (l) and (m) of Clause 7.1;   
(d) procured all the Operator Applicable Permits specified in Schedule-C, as applicable, 
required for the Fit Out Works, unconditionally or if subject to conditions, then, to the 
extent relevant, comply with all such conditions, such that the Operator Applicable 
Permits are and shall be kept in full force and effect as may be required under 
Applicable Laws;  
(e) executed the Financing Agreements and delivered to the Authority 3 (three) true copies 
thereof, duly attested by a Director of the Operator;  
(f) delivered to the Authority 3 (three) true copies of the Financial Package and the 
Financial Model, duly attested by a Director of the Operator, along with 3 (three) soft 
copies of the Financial Model in MS Excel version or any substitute thereof, which is 
acceptable to the Senior Lenders; and, if applicable, 3 (three) true copies of the Bus 
Lease Agreement(s); 
(g) complied with its obligations as set out in Clause 13.4 (Prototype);  
(h) delivered to the Authority a legal opinion from the legal counsel of the Operator with 
respect to the authority of the Operator to enter into this Agreement and the 
enforceability of the provisions thereof;  
(i) executed the Product Warranty Undertaking as specified in Schedule-W; 
(j) executed the Comprehensive Maintenance Agreement as specified in Schedule-Z; and 
(k) Provide CMVR type- approval, homologation certificate for the Electric Bus (100% 
battery operated) being supplied under this Agreement from the designated testing 
center in India. 
Provided that upon request in writing by the Operator, the Authority may, in its discretion, 
waive any of the Conditions Precedent set forth in this Clause 4.1.3. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Authority may, in its sole discretion, grant any waiver hereunder with such 
conditions as it may deem fit.  
  
4.1.4  Each Party shall make all reasonable endeavours to satisfy the Conditions Precedent within 16 
weeks from the date of this Agreement and shall provide the other Party with such reasonable 
cooperation as may be required to assist that Party in satisfying the Conditions Precedent for 
which that Party is responsible.  
 
4.1.5  The Parties shall notify each other in writing, at least once a month on the progress made in 
satisfying the Conditions Precedent and expected date of complying with all Conditions 
Precedent. Each Party shall promptly inform the other Party when any Condition Precedent for 
which it is responsible has been satisfied.  
 
 
2 Drafting Note – Delete if not applicable. 

--- Page 161 ---
 
68 
4.1.6 The Operator shall, upon satisfaction or waiver, as the case may be, of all the respective 
Conditions Precedent, notify the Authority of the occurrence of the Appointed Date.  
 
 
4.2 Satisfaction of the Conditions Precedent 
 
(a) Unless otherwise specified, the Operator and the Authority shall satisfy or procure the 
satisfaction of the Conditions Precedent that it is responsible for, within 16 weeks from 
the date of this Agreement (the Scheduled CP Satisfaction Date). 
 
(b) If any Party fails to satisfy any Condition Precedent that it is required to fulfil by the 
Scheduled CP Satisfaction Date due to: 
 
(i) a Force Majeure Event; 
 
(ii) a Change in Law; 
 
(iii) in case of the Operator, undue delay by the relevant Government Authority in 
granting any Operator Applicable Permit, despite the Operator having applied 
for such Operator Applicable Permit within the specified timelines, on 
payment of the prescribed fees and having complied with the requirements of 
Applicable Laws in making such application; or 
 
(iv) delay by the other Party in fulfilling any Condition Precedent required to be 
satisfied by them or in performing any other obligation under this Agreement, 
which impacts its ability to satisfy its Conditions Precedent,  
 
then the Scheduled CP Satisfaction Date for the affected Party shall be extended on a 
day-for-day basis for the period of such delay. 
 
(c) Each Party shall cooperate and use its reasonable efforts to assist the other Party in 
satisfying its Conditions Precedent.   
  
4.3 Damages for delay by the Authority  
  
(a) In the event that  the Authority does not procure fulfilment or waiver of the Conditions 
Precedent set forth in Clause 4.1.2 by the Scheduled CP Satisfaction Date (as the same 
may be extended in accordance with the provisions of Clause 4.2(b) above), or, within the 
time period specified for the fulfilment of such Condition Precedent, the Authority shall 
pay to the Operator Damages in an amount calculated at the rate of 0.1% (zero point one 
per cent) of the Performance Security for each day’s delay beyond the Scheduled CP 
Satisfaction Date until the fulfilment of such Conditions Precedent, subject to a maximum 
of 20% (twenty per cent) of the Performance Security. If the Authority delays in fulfilling 
its Conditions Precedent such that the cap on Damages set out herein is breached, then the 
Authority may continue to pay the Operator Damages in an amount calculated at the rate 
of 0.1% (zero point one per cent) of the Performance Security for each additional day’s 
delay and if the Authority fails to pay such Damages, the Operator may, in its sole 

--- Page 162 ---
 
69 
discretion, terminate the Agreement. Provided that in the event of a delay by the Operator 
in procuring fulfilment of any of its Conditions Precedent specified in Clause 4.1.3 and 
where such delay impacts the Authority's ability to fulfil any of its Conditions Precedents, 
no Damages shall be due or payable by the Authority under this Clause 4.3 until the date 
on which the Operator shall have procured fulfilment of the relevant Conditions Precedent 
specified in Clause 4.1.3. 
 
(b) Upon termination of this Agreement pursuant to Clause 4.3 (a), the Authority shall 
return the Performance Security submitted by the Operator subject to the Operator 
having paid in full any amounts due and payable by it to the Authority as on the date of 
termination.    
4.4 Damages for delay by the Operator  
  
(a) In the event that (i) the Operator does not procure fulfilment or waiver of any or all of 
the Conditions Precedent set forth in Clause 4.1.3 by the Scheduled CP Satisfaction 
Date (as the same may be extended in accordance with the provisions of Clause 4.2 
(b)), or, within the time period specified for the fulfilment of such Condition Precedent, 
the Operator shall pay to the Authority Damages in an amount calculated at the rate of 
0.1% (zero point one per cent) of the Performance Security for each day’s delay until 
the fulfilment of such Conditions Precedent, subject to a maximum amount equal to 
the Performance Security, and upon reaching such maximum, the Authority may, in 
its sole discretion and subject to the provisions of Clause 9.2, terminate the Agreement. 
Provided that in the event of delay by the Authority in procuring fulfilment of the 
Condition Precedent specified in Clause 4.1.2 and where such delay impacts the 
Operator's ability to fulfil any of its Conditions Precedents, no Damages shall be due 
or payable by the Operator under this Clause 4.4 until the date on which the Authority 
shall have procured fulfilment of the relevant Conditions Precedent specified in Clause 
4.1.2. 
 
(b) Upon termination of this Agreement pursuant to Clause 4.4 (a), the Authority shall 
encash the Performance Security submitted by the Operator.     
 
4.5 Deemed Termination upon delay  
  
Without prejudice to the provisions of Clauses 4.2, 4.3 and 4.4 and subject to the provisions of 
Clause 9.2, the Parties expressly agree that in the event the Appointed Date does not occur, for 
any reason whatsoever, before 400 (four hundred) days of the date of this Agreement or any 
other mutually extended period agreed by the Parties, all rights, privileges, claims and 
entitlements of the Operator under or arising out of this Agreement shall be deemed to have 
been waived by, and to have ceased with the concurrence of the Operator, and the Agreement 
shall be deemed to have been terminated by mutual agreement of the Parties. Provided, 
however, that in the event the delay in occurrence of the Appointed Date is on account of the 
Authority failing to fulfil its Conditions Precedent, the Authority shall return the Performance 
Security submitted by the Operator subject to the Operator having paid in full any amounts due 
and payable by it to the Authority as on the date of termination. Further, in the event the delay 
in occurrence of the Appointed Date is on account of the Operator failing to fulfil its Conditions 
Precedent, the Authority shall encash the Performance Security submitted by the Operator. 

--- Page 163 ---
 
70 
 
ARTICLE-5 : OBLIGATIONS OF THE OPERATOR 
 
 5.1  Obligations of the Operator 
 
5.1.1  The Operator shall procure the Buses as per the Delivery Schedule provided in Schedule-G 
hereto for providing the Services in accordance with the Deployment Plan and in accordance 
with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.  
 
5.1.2 Without affecting the generality of the provisions contained in Clause 5.1.1 above, the Operator 
shall procure at its cost and expense, all Operator Applicable Permits from Government 
Instrumentalities including but not limited to the certificate of registration, certification of 
fitness from the relevant Regional Transport Office (RTO) having jurisdiction over the Project 
for all Buses and shall Operate and Maintain the Buses in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement. 
  
5.1.3 Subject to and on the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Operator shall, at its own 
cost and expense, undertake the Fit Out Works and Operation and Maintenance of the 
Maintenance Depots for the maintenance of Buses and shall observe, fulfil, comply with and 
perform all its obligations set out in this Agreement or arising hereunder.  
  
5.1.4 Subject to and on the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Operator shall, at its own 
cost and expense, undertake the design, engineering, procurement, installation and Operation 
and Maintenance of the Charging Infrastructure and shall observe, fulfil, comply with and 
perform all its obligations set out in this Agreement or arising hereunder. 
 
5.1.5 Selected Bidder(s) will be responsible for setting up of Bus Maintenance facilities at depots 
and downstream infrastructure at available HT metering level (11/22/33 KV connection) 
(“Point of Supply”) including all allied Electric and Civil Infrastructure and its maintenance 
along with service equipment, tools and facilities required as may be required for day- to-day 
operations and maintenance of the buses .The Operator shall procure, install, operate and 
maintain adequate metering equipment for the Charging Infrastructure to accurately record 
throughout the term of this Agreement the electricity consumed for charging the Buses.  
 
 
5.1.6 The Operator shall comply with all Applicable Laws and Applicable Permits (including 
renewals as required) in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement. 
 
5.1.7 The Operator shall ensure that they have a minimum of 1 no. of Maintenance Vehicle (“Break 
Van”) for each lot of 50 Buses or lower. This Break Van should be available at the Depot for 
servicing or towing any Bus that has a breakdown during normal course of operations. 
 

--- Page 164 ---
 
71 
5.1.8 The Operator may maintain requisite number  of additional Buses as spare to achieve Key 
Performance Indicators (KPI) as per Article 20 of this Concession Agreement.  
  
5.1.9 Save and except as otherwise provided in this Agreement or Applicable Laws, as the case may 
be, the Operator shall, in discharge of all its obligations under this Agreement, conform with 
and adhere to Good Industry Practice. 
 
5.1.10 Operator/Authority shall have the right to prepare and monetize the carbon assets generated 
for the buses deployed under the PM E-DRIVE scheme. This means that it shall have the right 
to register the project under any scheme launched by the Government of India in this regard 
and/ or voluntary market registries. The revenue from monetization of any carbon assets from 
the operations of the Buses and any carbon credits generated from bus operations during the 
Contract Period shall be split on a 50-50 basis between Authority and Operator as per their 
mutual agreed terms and conditions.  
5.1.11 The Operator shall, at its own cost and expense, in addition to and not in derogation of its 
obligations elsewhere set out in this Agreement:  
  
(a) make, or cause to be made, necessary applications to the relevant Government 
Instrumentalities with such particulars and details as may be required for obtaining the 
Operator Applicable Permits and any other Applicable Permits other than the 
Authority Applicable Permits, and obtain and keep in force and effect such Applicable 
Permits in conformity with Applicable Laws;  
(b) make, or cause to be made, necessary applications to the relevant Government 
Instrumentalities with such particulars and details as may be required for obtaining 
renewals or extensions of any Authority Applicable Permits after the Appointed Date;  
(c) procure, as required, the appropriate proprietary rights, licences, agreements and 
permissions for materials, methods, processes, know-how and systems used or 
incorporated into the Buses, Maintenance Depots and Charging Infrastructure;  
(d) perform and fulfil its obligations under the Financing Agreements;  
(e) make reasonable efforts to maintain harmony and good industrial relations among the 
personnel employed by it or its Contractors in connection with the performance of its 
obligations under this Agreement;  
(f) ensure that its Contractors comply with all Operator Applicable Permits (Including 
Schedule C) and Applicable Laws and Good Industry Practices in the performance by 
them of any of the Operator’s obligations under this Agreement; 
(g) bear and pay for all electricity consumed for the purposes of performing the Operator’s 
obligations or exercising its rights under this Agreement, including without limitation, 
all electricity required for, or in relation to the Fit Out Works, Operation and 
Maintenance of the Maintenance Depot (including the Charging Infrastructure) and 
Operation & Maintenance of the Buses (which, for the avoidance of doubt includes 
any electricity required for charging the Buses), provided that the Operator may claim 
from the Authority such amounts towards reimbursement of such electricity cost 
pursuant to Clause 22.5; 

--- Page 165 ---
 
72 
 
(h) always act in a manner consistent with the provisions of this Agreement and not omit 
or cause or fail to do any act, deed or thing, whether intentionally or otherwise, which 
may in any manner be violative of any of the provisions of this Agreement;   
(i) ensure that Users are treated with due courtesy and provided with ready access to 
services and information;  
(j) support, cooperate with and facilitate the Authority in the implementation and 
operation of the Project in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement;  
(k) take all reasonable precautions for the prevention of accidents on or around the 
Maintenance Depots and provide all reasonable assistance and emergency medical aid 
to accident victims; and  
(l) vacate and handover peaceful possession of the Maintenance Depots to the Authority 
upon Termination of this Agreement or expiry of the Contract Period, in accordance 
with the provisions of this Agreement.  
  
 5.2  Obligations relating to Project Agreements  
  
5.2.1 It is expressly agreed that the Operator shall, at all times, be responsible and liable for all its 
obligations under this Agreement notwithstanding anything contained in any other Project 
Agreements or any other agreement, and no default under any other Project Agreement or 
agreement shall excuse the Operator from its obligations or liability hereunder.  
  
5.2.2 The Operator shall submit to the Authority the drafts of all Project Agreements (to which the 
Authority is not a party) or any amendments or replacements thereto for its review and 
comments, and the Authority shall have the right but not the obligation to undertake such 
review and provide its comments, if any, to the Operator within 15 (fifteen) days of the receipt 
of such drafts. Within 7 (seven) days of execution of any Project Agreement or amendment 
thereto, the Operator shall submit to the Authority a true copy thereof, duly attested by a 
Director or any person authorized by the Board of Directors of the Operator, for its record. For 
the avoidance of doubt, it is agreed that the review and comments hereunder shall be limited 
to ensuring compliance with the terms of this Agreement. It is further agreed that any failure 
or omission of the Authority to review and/ or comment hereunder shall not be construed or 
deemed as acceptance of any such agreement or document by the Authority. No review and/or 
observation of the Authority and/or its failure to review and/or convey its observations on any 
document shall relieve the Operator of its obligations and liabilities under this Agreement in 
any manner nor shall the Authority be liable for the same in any manner whatsoever.  
  
5.2.3 The Operator shall not make any addition, replacement or amendments to any of the 
“Financing Agreements” without the prior written consent of the Authority if such addition, 
replacement or amendment has, or may have, the effect of increasing the Total Project Cost, 
and in the event that any replacement or amendment is made without such consent, the 
Operator shall not enforce such replacement or amendment nor permit enforcement thereof 
against the Authority. For the avoidance of doubt, and subject to this Clause 5.2.3, no prior 
consent of the Authority shall be required for restructuring or rescheduling of the debt of the 

--- Page 166 ---
 
73 
Operator provided such restructuring or rescheduling does not result in an increase in the Total 
Project Cost. 
  
5.2.4 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Operator shall not 
sub-lease, sub-license, assign or in any manner create an Encumbrance on the Depot Sites, 
without prior written approval of the Authority, which approval the Authority shall not 
unreasonably withhold or delay unless, such sub-lease, sub-license, assignment or 
Encumbrance has or may have a material adverse effect on the rights and obligations of the 
Authority under this Agreement or Applicable Laws.  
  
5.2.5 The Operator shall procure that each of the Project Agreements contains provisions that entitle 
the Authority to step into such agreement, in its sole discretion, in substitution of the Operator 
in the event of Termination or Suspension (the “Covenant”). For the avoidance of doubt, it is 
expressly agreed that in the event the Authority does not exercise such rights of substitution 
within a period not exceeding 90 (ninety) days from the Transfer Date, the Project Agreements 
shall be deemed to cease to be in force and effect on the Transfer Date without any liability 
whatsoever on the Authority and the Covenant shall expressly provide for such eventuality 
subject to the Operator issuing a notice of reminder to the Authority at least 15 (fifteen) days 
prior to the expiry of the aforesaid 90 (ninety) day period. The Operator expressly agrees to 
include the Covenant in all its Project Agreements and undertakes that it shall, in respect of 
each of the Project Agreements, procure and deliver to the Authority an acknowledgment and 
undertaking, in a form acceptable to the Authority, from the counter party(ies) of each of the 
Project Agreements, whereunder such counter party(ies) shall acknowledge and accept the 
Covenant and undertake to be bound by the same and not to seek any relief or remedy 
whatsoever from the Authority in the event of Termination or Suspension.  
  
5.2.6   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Operator agrees and 
acknowledges that selection or replacement of an O&M Contractor and execution of the O&M 
Contract shall be subject to the prior approval of the Authority from national security and 
public interest perspective, the decision of the Authority in this behalf being final, conclusive 
and binding on the Operator, and undertakes that it shall not give effect to any such selection 
or contract without prior approval of the Authority. Provided however, that this Clause 5.2.6 
shall not apply to any subcontracts entered into by the Operator for the provision of any 
housekeeping or basic office support staff services. For the avoidance of doubt, it is expressly 
agreed that approval of the Authority under this Clause 5.2.6 shall be limited to national 
security and public interest perspective, and the Authority shall endeavour to convey its 
decision thereon expeditiously. It is also agreed that the Authority shall not be liable in any 
manner on account of grant or otherwise of such approval and that such approval or denial 
thereof shall not in any manner absolve the Operator or its Contractors from any liability or 
obligation under this Agreement.  
 
5.2.7 Product Warranty by the OEM to the Authority 
In case of Termination of the Agreement, the OEM warranties Product restoration to ensure 
continuous operation of Buses and other infrastructure provided by the Operator under this 
Agreement. The Product Warranty Undertaking to be executed by the OEM is at Schedule W. 
In addition to the Product Warranty, OEM also agrees to execute Comprehensive Maintenance 
Contract as specified in Schedule Z. 

--- Page 167 ---
 
74 
For the purpose of clarity, it is mentioned that a specific distinction between OEM and its 
Associate/Parent is specifically made. The Agreements referred herein shall be signed by OEM 
i.e. manufacturing the e-Buses.  
  
 5.3  Obligations relating to Change in Ownership  
  
5.3.1   The Operator shall not undertake or permit any Change in Ownership, except with the prior 
written approval of the Authority.  
  
5.3.2  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Operator agrees and 
acknowledges that:  
  
(a) all acquisitions of Equity by an acquirer, either by himself or with any person acting 
in concert, directly or indirectly, including by transfer of the direct or indirect legal or 
beneficial ownership or control of any Equity, in aggregate 25% (twenty-five per cent) 
or more of the total Equity of the Operator; or  
(b) acquisition of any control directly or indirectly of the Board of Directors of the 
Operator by any person either by himself or together with any person or persons acting 
in concert with him,  
 
shall constitute a Change in Ownership requiring prior approval of the Authority from national 
security and public interest perspective, the decision of the Authority in this behalf being final, 
conclusive and binding on the Operator, and undertakes that it shall not give effect to any such 
acquisition of Equity or control of the Board of Directors of the Operator without such prior 
approval of the Authority. For the avoidance of doubt, it is expressly agreed that approval of 
the Authority pursuant to this Clause 5.3.2 hereunder shall be limited to a national security and 
public interest perspective, and the Authority shall endeavour to convey its decision thereon 
expeditiously. It is also agreed that the Authority shall not be liable in any manner on account 
of grant or otherwise of such approval and that such approval or denial thereof shall not in any 
manner absolve the Operator from any liability or obligation under this Agreement. It is further 
agreed that in the event of any acquisition of shares or control in the Selected Bidder (or Lead 
Member in case of a consortium) or its holding company by another entity, which results in a 
Change in Ownership as set forth in this Clause 5.3.2, the Operator shall inform the Authority 
of such occurrence within 15 (fifteen) days thereof and seek consent of the Authority under 
and in accordance with the provisions of this Clause 5.3. In the event the Authority denies its 
consent to such Change in Ownership, a Change in Ownership in breach of this Clause 5.3 
shall be deemed to have occurred.  
  
For the purposes of this Clause 5.3.2:  
 
(i) the expression “acquirer”, “control” and “person acting in concert” shall have the 
meaning ascribed thereto in the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial 
Acquisition of Shares and Takeover) Regulations, 2011 or any statutory re-enactment 
thereof as in force as on the date of acquisition of Equity, or the control of the Board 
of Directors, as the case may be, of the Operator;  
(ii) the indirect transfer or control of legal or beneficial ownership of Equity shall mean 
transfer of the direct or indirect beneficial ownership or control of any company or 

--- Page 168 ---
 
75 
companies whether in India or abroad which results in the acquirer acquiring control 
over the shares or voting rights of shares of the Operator; and  
(iii) power to appoint, whether by contract or by virtue of control or acquisition of shares 
of any company holding directly or through one or more companies (whether situate in 
India or abroad) the Equity of the Operator, not less than half of the directors on the 
Board of Directors of the Operator or of any company, directly or indirectly whether 
situate in India or abroad, having ultimate control of 25% (twenty five per cent) or 
more of the Equity of the Operator shall constitute acquisition of control, directly or 
indirectly, of the Board of Directors of the Operator.  
 
 5.4  Obligations relating to employment of foreign nationals  
  
The Operator acknowledges, agrees and undertakes that employment of foreign personnel by 
the Operator and/or its Contractors and their sub-contractors shall be subject to grant of 
requisite regulatory permits and approvals including employment/residential visas and work 
permits, if any required, and the obligation to apply for and obtain the same shall and will 
always be of the Operator and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this 
Agreement, refusal of or inability to obtain any such permits and approvals by the Operator or 
any of its Contractors or sub-contractors shall not constitute Force Majeure Event, and shall 
not in any manner excuse the Operator from the performance and discharge of its obligations 
and liabilities under this Agreement. Provided that, the Authority shall provide reasonable 
assistance to the Operator, if required, in relation to applying for any employment/residential 
visas and work permits in accordance with Clause 6.1.2(l).    
  
5.5 Obligations relating to employment of personnel  
  
5.5.1 The Operator shall ensure that the personnel engaged by it in the performance of its obligations 
under this Agreement are at all times properly trained for their respective functions. 
  
5.5.2 The Operator shall observe Equal Opportunity employment practices. Operator shall provide 
adequate women-friendly facilities at depots for women and other socially disadvantaged 
groups. The Operator shall submit an annual statement to the Authority in this regard showing 
the positive actions taken to encourage employment of women, specially-abled and other 
socially disadvantaged groups and results thereof duly classified by gender, disability and other 
social disadvantage. 
 
5.5.3 Prior to engaging any driver for operating the Buses, the Operator shall ensure that each such 
driver receives a combination of classroom instruction and behind-the-wheel instruction, 
sufficient to enable each driver to operate the Bus in a safe and efficient manner in terms of 
this Agreement.  
 
5.5.4 The Authority may require the Operator to immediately remove any staff member/ personnel 
employed by the Operator for the purpose of the Project, who in the opinion of the Authority:  
 

--- Page 169 ---
 
76 
(a) persists in any misconduct;  
(b) is incompetent or negligent in the performance of his duties; 
(c) fails to conform with any provisions of this Agreement; or 
(d) persists in any conduct which is prejudicial to the safety and security of the passengers 
and general public,  
 
in each case, subject to provision of reasonable evidence.  
 
5.5.5 The Operator shall be solely and exclusively responsible for all drivers, employees, workforce, 
personnel and staff employed or contracted for the purposes of implementing the Project. The 
Operator shall ensure that all personnel and staff are under its continued supervision to (i) 
provide Bus Service in a safe and efficient manner to the public; and (ii) carry out all other 
obligations of the Operator as set out in this Agreement. Provided however the Authority shall 
not be liable for payment of any sum or give compensation for any claim (including but not 
limited to compensation on account of death/ injury/ termination) of such nature to such 
foregoing personnel and staff of the Operator at any point of time during the Contract Period 
or thereafter; the Operator undertakes to hold harmless and keep the Authority indemnified in 
this regard for any claim for payment raised by such foregoing persons or any third party.  
 
5.5.6 The Operator shall ensure that all drivers, personnel and staff wear uniforms as approved by 
the Authority. The Operator shall at its own cost and expense, provide uniforms and shall 
ensure that drivers and any other personnel and staff employed by it shall, at all times, wear 
clean uniforms while on duty or doing any act in relation to the Project.  
  
5.5.7   The Operator shall be responsible for all the costs and expenses for employment of drivers and 
other personnel including but not limited to expenses for travel, training of its employees, and 
payment to vendors engaged by the Operator in connection with the implementation of this 
Project.  
  
5.5.8   The Operator shall make efforts to maintain harmony and good industrial relations among the 
labour and personnel employed in connection with the performance of the Operator’s 
obligations under this Agreement by exercising appropriate supervision and control;  
  
5.5.9   The Operator shall be responsible for employing any and all competent manpower, personnel, 
labour, etc., as may be required to be deployed by it for implementation of the Project and as 
such the Operator on an exclusive basis shall be responsible for exercising supervision and 
control over such manpower, personnel, labour, etc. For all intents and purposes under this 
Contract, the Operator alone shall be the principal employer in terms of the provisions of the 
Factories Act, 1948 and the Contract Labour (Regulation and Abolition) Act, 1970 in respect 
of such manpower, personnel, labour, etc. The Authority shall at no point of time be concerned 
in any manner whatsoever with any employee or labour related issues of such manpower, 
personnel, labour, etc. of the Operator and shall not have any liability or responsibility towards 
them. The Operator shall keep the Authority indemnified for all claims that may arise due to 
Operator’s non-compliance with any provisions of this Clause 5.5.12. 
  

--- Page 170 ---
 
77 
5.6 Advertisement and Branding of Buses  
The Buses or any part thereof shall not be branded in any manner to advertise, display or reflect 
the name or identity of the Operator or its shareholders, save to the extent as provided in Clause 
16.7. Provided that, the Operator may affix the brand logo, make and model of the Bus at the 
front and rear end of the Bus. The Operator undertakes that it shall not, in any manner, use the 
name or identity of its shareholders to advertise or display its own identity, brand equity or 
business interests, including those of its shareholders, save and except as may be necessary in 
the normal course of business. For the avoidance of doubt, it is agreed that the Operator may, 
at every Maintenance Depot, display its own name at a spot where other public notices are 
displayed for the Users.  
  
5.7 Obligations regarding risk of loss or damage  
  
5.7.1  The Operator shall bear the risk of loss in relation to each Bus for the performance of its 
Operation and Maintenance obligations hereunder.   
  
5.7.2  Notwithstanding the Operator’s obligations under Article 37, the Operator shall take or cause 
to be taken all steps necessary under Applicable Laws to protect the Authority against claims 
by other parties with respect thereto in accordance with the terms and provisions of this 
Agreement.  
  
 5.8  Obligations relating to information  
  
5.8.1  Without prejudice to the provisions of Applicable Laws and this Agreement, upon receiving a 
notice from the Authority for any information that it may reasonably require or that it considers 
to be necessary to enable it to perform any of its functions, the Operator shall provide such 
information to the Authority forthwith and in the manner and form required by the Authority.  
  
5.8.2  After receiving a notice from the Authority for reasoned comments on the accuracy and text of 
any information relating to the Operator’s activities under or pursuant to this Agreement which 
the Authority proposes to publish, the Operator shall provide such comments to the Authority 
in the manner and form required by the Authority.  
 
5.9  Obligations relating to aesthetic quality   
  
The Operator shall maintain a high standard in the appearance and aesthetic quality of the 
Buses, the Maintenance Depot and the Project as a whole and achieve integration of the Buses, 
Maintenance Depots and Charging Infrastructure with the character of the surrounding 
landscape through both appropriate design and sensitive management of all visible elements. 
The Operator shall engage a professional architect, town planner and consultants of repute for 
ensuring that the design of the Buses and Maintenance Depots meets the aforesaid aesthetic 
standards.  
  
 5.10  Obligations relating to noise control   
  
  The Operator shall take all such measures as may be necessary in accordance with Applicable 
Laws and Good Industry Practice to control and mitigate the noise arising from the Buses and 
the Maintenance Depots and its impact on the Users and the surrounding neighborhood.   

--- Page 171 ---
 
78 
  
 5.11  Facilities for physically challenged and elderly persons  
  
The Operator shall, in conformity with the guidelines issued from time to time by the Ministry 
of Social Justice and Empowerment, or a substitute thereof, procure a barrier free environment 
for the physically or visually challenged and for elderly persons using the Buses. To the extent 
that Good Industry Practices require the implementation of higher standards than those set out 
by the Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment, or a substitute thereof, the Operator shall 
adhere to such higher standards.  
  
 5.12  Obligations relating to Charging Infrastructure  
  
  The Operator agrees that it shall procure, construct, install and provide the Charging 
Infrastructure at the Maintenance Depots such that each Maintenance Depot is capable of 
Overnight Charging a minimum 50 (fifty) Buses and opportunity charging of Buses at mutually 
identified locations (Maintenance depot, Terminal, etc.,) for a maximum period of 45 (forty 
five) minutes in accordance with the Deployment Plan. The Operator agrees that it shall ensure 
that the Charging Infrastructure are used only for the purpose of charging of Buses and no other 
purpose whatsoever.  
  
 5.13   Obligations relating to appointment of Drivers and Staff 
 
a. The Operator shall provide a driver with valid driving license issued by the competent 
authorities under the Applicable Laws, including Motor vehicles Act, 1988 having 
experience of 2 years to drive transport vehicles including Buses of the kind defined herein 
and valid passenger service badge, age within 21 to 60 years. 
b. The Operator shall appoint drivers for operating the buses by taking into Police verification 
of individual candidate. 
c. The Operator or its sub-contractor shall have to make payment to the driver's bank account 
through RTGS/ NEFT mode only. 
d. The driver while on duty should have valid identity cards as required under M.V. Act/Rules 
(Motor Vehicle Act and Rules). 
e. The driver along with vehicle should report for duty in a neat and clean uniform prescribed 
by Authority, at the assigned depot and at the assigned time. Similarly other staff members 
employed by the operator should use uniform prescribed by Authority.  
f. The Operator shall provide the list of all employees with their residential addresses, mobile 
nos. to the Authority. 
g. The Operator shall not employ category of persons as drivers for operating of Buses who 
were employed on any other bus service and were replaced by the owner/co-owner on a 
complaint made against him by the Authority. 
h. The Operator shall ensure that no employee working with him also at the same time works 
on the roll of Authority or any other organization. 

--- Page 172 ---
 
79 
i. A driver employed by the Operator shall undergo the medical fitness examination by 
medical officer of Authority at appropriate cost or any other reputed hospital / medical 
institution from the City and he/she will be permitted to ply the vehicles only if he/she is 
fit for the job of driver to drive the Buses as mentioned herein. 
j. The Operator shall not deploy any drivers which have been blacklisted from operation of 
a heavy commercial vehicle and or a transport vehicle and such drivers should not have 
any pending cases related to fatal accidents or traffic fines due or have his license 
suspended at any time during the last [3] years preceding the date of execution of the 
Agreement; 
k. However, Authority may require the Operator to remove any person employed by it for the 
Bus Services, who in the opinion of Authority: 
i Persists in any misconduct, 
ii Is incompetent or negligent in the performance of his/her duties, 
iii Fails to conform with any provisions of the Tender/Agreement, or 
iv Persists in any conduct which is prejudicial to safety, health, or the protection of the 
general public/ environment. 
v Is a person convicted by a competent court of law. 
vi Is a person who is involved in any fatal accident. 
l. Operator be solely and exclusively responsible for all drivers, employees, workmen, 
personnel and staff employed for the purposes of implementing the Agreement. 
m. The Operator shall ensure that all personnel and staff are under its supervision so as to 
provide the Bus Service in a safe and efficient manner to the public. 
n. Provided, however Authority shall not be liable for any payment or claim or compensation 
(including but not limited to compensation on account of death/injury/termination) of any 
nature to such foregoing persons at any point of time during tenure of this Agreement or 
thereafter and the operator shall keep Authority indemnified in this regard. 
o. Ensure that all drivers, personnel and staff are well behaved with passengers. 
p. The Operator shall at its own cost and expense provide uniforms and shall ensure that clean 
uniforms are worn by drivers and any other personnel and staff employed at all times when 
they are on duty and doing any act in relation to providing the Bus Service under the 
Agreement. 
q. The Operator shall be responsible for all the costs and expenses of maintenance, operation, 
employment of drivers and other personnel including but not limited to travel, training of 
its employees, and vendors engaged by the Operator in connection with the implementation 
of the Agreement. 
r. The Operator shall make efforts to maintain harmony and good industrial relations among 
the labor and personnel employed in connection with the performance of the Successful 

--- Page 173 ---
 
80 
Bidder's obligations under this Agreement and shall at all times be the principal authority 
in respect of such labor and personnel. 
s. The Operator and their employees will not be held eligible for facility of free travel on the 
Buses herein or any other bus belonging to Authority and they will have to abide by the 
rules as are applicable to the other members of the public including payment.  
t. Simulators for driver training (minimum 1 simulator for each city in which Operator has 
deployed Buses under the PM E-DRIVE scheme) 
 
5.14       Obligations of the Operator under Labour codes and Rules 
5.14.1 The Operator shall comply with the provisions of the Labour Codes, which including 
Code on Wages, 2019, The Industrial Relations Code 2020, Code on the Social Security 
2020, and The Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions 2020, and Draft 
Rules made thereunder, as modified from time-to-time, wherever applicable and shall 
also indemnify Authority from and against any claims under the aforesaid Labour codes 
and the Rules. 
5.14.2 In respect of all labour directly or indirectly employed in the contract for the performance 
of the Agreement, the Operator shall comply with or cause to comply with the provisions 
of the aforesaid Labour codes and the Rules wherever applicable.  
5.14.3 The Operator shall pay the wages as per the Minimum wages notified by the concerned 
Labour department of that State/ UT as notified by the State Government/Union 
Territory, through the bank transfer.  
5.14.4 The Operator should also ensure statutory compliance in regard to its employed 
workforce including but not limited to the following: 
 
i) Compliance of minimum wages Act by payment of wage on 7
th of every month 
through Bank 
ii) Compliance of provision of ESI Act, EPF Act, Bonus Act and Employees 
Compensation Act, ESI registration 
iii) Ensure treatment in ESI hospital in case of accident/injuries suffered in 
performance of work and compensation under ESI Act. 
iv) Send Accident report to Regional Labour Commissioner (RLC) & ESI 
authorities. 
v) Observance of working hours, weekly rest and overtime payments as per 
minimum wages Act-1948. 
vi) PF Registration issued by the Regional Provident Fund Commissioner/ 
Competent Authority 
vii) Annual submission of PF compliance certificate duly certified by a CA 
 
 
  

--- Page 174 ---
 
81 
 
ARTICLE-6 : OBLIGATIONS OF THE AUTHORITY 
  
 6.1  Obligations of the Authority  
 
6.1.1  The Authority shall, at its own cost and expense undertake, comply with and perform all its 
obligations set out in this Agreement or arising hereunder.  
 
6.1.2  The Authority agrees to provide support to the Operator and undertakes to observe, comply 
with and perform, subject to and in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and 
Applicable Laws, the following:  
 
(a) as a part of the Deployment Plan, provide the Operational Routes to be undertaken by 
the Operator as detailed in Clause 16.4 herein and in accordance with the Deployment 
Plan;  
(b) subject to and on the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Authority shall 
handover peaceful and unencumbered possession of Maintenance Depots, which meet 
the Minimum Maintenance Depot Specifications, to the Operator in accordance with 
the timelines set out in Clause 10.2.5; 
(c) provide the Operator with adequate Right of Way and license to use the Maintenance 
Depots in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement;   
(d) at its own cost and expense, provide, or cause to be provided, road connectivity 
(sufficient for the movement of the Buses and other vehicles and machinery required 
for the Operation and Maintenance of the Maintenance Depots) to the nearest 
motorable road, at any location at the boundary of the Maintenance Depots in 
accordance with Clause 12.1;  
(e) procure and provide to the Operator, electricity connections (at the available HT 
metering level,  11/22/33 kV connection) along with auxiliary electrical connection  at 
the Maintenance Depots specified in Schedule-A for charging of the Buses, operation 
of the Charging Infrastructure and maintenance depot, along with all requisite 
permissions, approvals and licenses in relation to the utilisation by the Operator of 
such electricity connection.  
(f) bear the cost of additional electricity charges payable in relation to the charging of the 
Buses in accordance with Clause 22.5; 
(g) procure and provide access and connections, at its cost, to municipal water and sewage 
disposal utilities for the Maintenance Depots, provided that the Operator shall remain 
liable to pay any regular bills raised by the relevant Government Instrumentality for 
the use of such utilities;   
(h) upon written request from the Operator, and subject to the Operator complying with 
Applicable Laws, provide all reasonable support and assistance to the Operator in 
procuring the Operator Applicable Permits;   
(i) not do or omit to do any act, deed or thing which may in any manner be violative of 
any of the provisions of this Agreement;  

--- Page 175 ---
 
82 
(j) support, cooperate with and facilitate the Operator in the implementation and operation 
of the Project in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement;  
(k) upon written request from the Operator and subject to the provisions of Clause 5.4, 
provide reasonable assistance to the Operator and any expatriate personnel of the 
Operator or its Contractors to obtain applicable visas and work permits for the purposes 
of discharge by the Operator or its Contractors their obligations under this Agreement.; 
(l) The Authority shall bear passenger tax from revenue collection and/or from applicable 
passenger taxes levied by State Transport Authorities from operations in jurisdictions 
outside the registered state for interstate operations. Additionally, the Authority shall 
also bear the cost of tolls from operations of buses as per the deployment schedule. 
The above-mentioned costs shall be reimbursed to the operator by the Authority on 
submission of actual receipts by the Operator. 
(m) Collection of fares and shall also bear the associated costs for such activity. 
 
6.1.3 The following minimum depot infrastructure and its maintenance shall be provided by 
Authority: 
a) Proper drainage system at the depot to avoid stagnation of water . 
b) The depot pavement shall be concretized or blacktopped.  
c) Adequate parking area (approx. 150 sq.m. per bus including basic depot 
requirements, such as parking, workshops, staff amenities, administrative block, etc.) 
for parking of buses allocated to the depot and additional space for parking the spare 
Buses deployed by the Operator. 
d) Civil infrastructure facilities that include security booths, office with adequate space, 
first-aid facility and rest room, canteen, spare parts store, fire hydrant System, Street 
light, depot yard lighting, septic tank, workshop sheds (for washing facilities, 
maintenance / service pits @ 2 pits per 50 buses). 
e) Boundary wall: minimum 2 m height (with 0.6m railing optional). 
In case of existing depots, wherein the buses are already in operations, the authority shall carry-out the required 
renovation of the above civil and electrical works. 
  

--- Page 176 ---
 
83 
ARTICLE-7 : REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 
 7.1  Representations and warranties of the Operator  
 
The Operator represents and warrants to the Authority that:  
 
(a) it is duly organised and validly existing under the laws of India, and has full power and 
authority to execute and perform its obligations under this Agreement and to carry out 
the transactions contemplated hereby;  
(b) it has taken all necessary corporate and other actions under Applicable Laws to 
authorise the execution and delivery of this Agreement and to validly exercise its rights 
and perform its obligations under this Agreement; 
(c) along with its Associates, it has the financial standing and capacity to undertake the 
Project in accordance with the terms of this Agreement; 
(d) this Agreement constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable against 
it in accordance with the terms hereof, and its obligations under this Agreement will 
be legally valid, binding and enforceable obligations against it in accordance with the 
terms hereof;  
(e) it is subject to the laws of India, and hereby expressly and irrevocably waives any 
immunity in any jurisdiction in respect of this Agreement or matters arising thereunder 
including any obligation, liability or responsibility hereunder;  
(f) the information furnished in the Bid and as updated on or before the date of this 
Agreement is true and accurate in all respects as on the date of this Agreement;  
(g) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement will not conflict with, result 
in the breach of, constitute a default under, or accelerate performance required by any 
of the terms of its Memorandum and Articles of Association {or those of the Selected 
Bidder/ any member of the Consortium} or any Applicable Laws or any covenant, 
contract, agreement, arrangement, understanding, decree or order to which it is a party 
or by which it or any of its properties or assets is bound or affected;  
(h) there are no actions, suits, proceedings, or investigations pending or, to its knowledge, 
threatened against it at law or in equity before any court or before any other judicial, 
quasi-judicial or other authority, the outcome of which may result in the breach of this 
Agreement or which individually or in the aggregate may result in any material 
impairment of its ability to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement;  
(i) it has no knowledge of any violation or default with respect to any order, writ, 
injunction or decree of any court or any legally binding order of any Government 
Instrumentality which may result in any material adverse effect on its ability to perform 
its obligations under this Agreement and no fact or circumstance exists which may 
give rise to such proceedings that would adversely affect the performance of its 
obligations under this Agreement; 
(j) it has complied with Applicable Laws in all material respects and has not been subject 
to any fines, penalties, injunctive relief or any other civil or criminal liabilities which 
in the aggregate have or may have a material adverse effect on its ability to perform 
its obligations under this Agreement;  

--- Page 177 ---
 
84 
(k) it shall at no time undertake or permit any Change in Ownership except in accordance 
with the provisions of Clause 5.3; and that the {Selected Bidder/ Consortium 
Members}, together with {its/their} Associates, shall hold not less than 51% (fifty one 
per cent) of its issued and paid up Equity till the completion of 2 years from COD and 
26% of its issued and paid up Equity thereafter; and that no Member of the Consortium 
whose technical capacity was evaluated for the purposes of selection in response to the 
Request for Proposal, shall cumulatively hold less than 26% (twenty six per cent) of 
the issued and paid up Equity till the expiry of the Contract Period. 
(l) {the Selected Bidder/ Consortium Members and its/their} Associates have the 
financial standing and resources to fund the required Equity and to raise the debt 
necessary for undertaking and implementing the Project in accordance with this 
Agreement;  
(m) {the Selected Bidder/ each Consortium Member} is duly organised and validly 
existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, and has requested the 
Authority to enter into this Agreement with the Operator pursuant to the Letter of 
Award, and has agreed to and unconditionally accepted the terms and conditions set 
forth in this Agreement;  
(n) all its rights and interests in the Buses (if applicable pursuant to Clause 33.4), 
Maintenance Depots (including the Charging Infrastructure) shall pass to and vest in 
the Authority on the Transfer Date free and clear of all liens, claims and 
Encumbrances, without any further act or deed on its part or that of the Authority, and 
that none of the Project Assets shall be acquired by it, subject to any agreement under 
which a security interest or other lien or Encumbrance is retained by any person, save 
and except as expressly provided in this Agreement;  
(o) no representation or warranty by it contained herein or in any other document furnished 
by it to the Authority or to any Government Instrumentality in relation to Applicable 
Permits contains or will contain any untrue or misleading statement of material fact or 
omits or will omit to state a material fact necessary to make such representation or 
warranty not misleading;   
(p) no sums, in cash or kind, have been paid or will be paid, by it or on its behalf, to any 
person by way of fees, commission or otherwise for securing the Agreement or 
entering into this Agreement or for influencing or attempting to influence any officer 
or employee of the Authority in connection therewith; and  
(q) all information provided by the {Selected Bidder/ Consortium Members} in response 
to the Request for Proposal or otherwise, is to the best of its knowledge and belief, true 
and accurate in all material respects   
  
 7.2  Representations and warranties of the Authority  
 
The Authority represents and warrants to the Operator that:  
 
(a) it has full power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under 
this Agreement and to carry out the transactions contemplated herein and that it has 
taken all actions necessary to execute this Agreement, exercise its rights and perform 
its obligations, under this Agreement;  

--- Page 178 ---
 
85 
(b) it has taken all necessary actions under Applicable Laws to authorise the execution, 
delivery and performance of this Agreement;  
(c) it has the financial standing and capacity to perform its obligations under this 
Agreement;  
(d) this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation enforceable against it 
in accordance with the terms hereof;  
(e) it has no knowledge of any violation or default with respect to any order, writ, 
injunction or any decree of any court or any legally binding order of any Government 
Instrumentality which may result in any material adverse effect on the Authority’s 
ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement;  
(f) it has complied with Applicable Laws in all material respects;  
(g) it has good and valid right to the Depot Sites and Maintenance Depots, and has power 
and authority to grant a licence, in respect thereto to the Operator;  
(h) it shall not at any time during the term hereof, interfere with peaceful exercise of the 
rights and discharge of the obligations by the Operator, subject to and in accordance 
with the provisions of this Agreement; and  
(i) it shall enable personnel of the Operator to travel on board the Buses for the purpose 
of discharging the Maintenance Obligations in accordance with the provisions of this 
Agreement and Good Industry Practice.  
  
 7.3   Disclosure  
 
In the event that any occurrence or circumstance comes to the attention of either Party that 
renders any of its aforesaid representations or warranties untrue or incorrect, such Party shall 
immediately notify the other Party of the same. Such notification shall not have the effect of 
remedying any breach of the representation or warranty that has been found to be untrue or 
incorrect nor shall it adversely affect or waive any right, remedy or obligation of either Party 
under this Agreement.  
  

--- Page 179 ---
 
86 
ARTICLE-8 : DISCLAIMER 
 
 8.1  Disclaimer  
  
8.1.1 The Operator acknowledges that prior to the execution of this Agreement, the Operator has, 
after a complete and careful examination, made an independent evaluation of the Request for 
Proposal, this Agreement, the Specifications and Standards, the Depot Sites, local conditions, 
physical qualities of ground, subsoil and geology and all information provided by the Authority 
and/ or CESL or obtained, procured or gathered otherwise, and has determined to its 
satisfaction the accuracy or otherwise thereof and the nature and extent of difficulties, risks 
and hazards as are likely to arise or may be faced by it in the course of performance of its 
obligations hereunder. Save as provided in Clause 7.2, the Authority makes no representation 
whatsoever, express, implicit or otherwise, regarding the accuracy, adequacy, correctness, 
reliability and/or completeness of any assessment, assumption, statement or information 
provided by it and the Operator confirms that it shall have no claim whatsoever against the 
Authority in this regard.  
  
8.1.2 The Operator acknowledges and hereby accepts the risk of inadequacy, mistake or error in or 
relating to any of the matters set forth in Clause 8.1.1 above and hereby acknowledges and 
agrees that the Authority shall not be liable for the same in any manner whatsoever to the 
Operator, the {Selected Bidder/ Members of Consortium} and its Associates or any person 
claiming through or under any of them.  
  
8.1.3 The Parties agree that any mistake or error in or relating to any of the matters set forth in Clause 
8.1.1 above shall not vitiate this Agreement.  
  
8.1.4 In the event that either Party becomes aware of any mistake or error relating to any of the 
matters set forth in Clause 8.1.1, that Party shall immediately notify the other Party, specifying 
the mistake or error; provided, however, that a failure on part of the Authority to give any 
notice pursuant to this Clause 8.1.4 shall not prejudice the disclaimer of the Authority 
contained in Clause 8.1.1 and shall not in any manner shift to the Authority any risks assumed 
by the Operator pursuant to this Agreement.  
  
8.1.5 Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, all risks relating to the Agreement shall be 
borne by the Operator and the Authority shall not be liable in any manner for such risks or the 
consequences thereof.  
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  

--- Page 180 ---
 
87 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
3. Part III Development and Operations 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  

--- Page 181 ---
 
88 
ARTICLE-9 : PERFORMANCE SECURITY 
 
 9.1  Performance Security  
 
9.1.1  The Operator shall, for the performance of its obligations hereunder till expiry of the Contract 
Period, provide to the Authority, on or prior to, the date of this Agreement, an irrevocable and 
unconditional guarantee from a Bank for a sum equivalent to Rs. [**** (Rupees *******)]3 in 
the form set forth in Schedule-D (the “Performance Security”). Until such time the 
Performance Security is provided by the Operator pursuant hereto and the same comes into 
effect, the Bid Security shall remain in force and effect, and upon such provision of the 
Performance Security pursuant hereto, the Authority shall release the Bid Security to the 
Operator.  
 
9.1.2 The Parent/ Associate of the Operator whose financial credentials were used by the Selected 
Bidder can also provide security on behalf of the Operator, provided that such Parent/ Associate 
in addition to Schedule-D submit a board resolution authorizing the Authority to invoke such 
Performance Security as per the provisions of the Concession Agreement. 
 
 9.2  Appropriation of Performance Security  
 
9.2.1 The Authority shall, without prejudice to its other rights and remedies hereunder or in law, be 
entitled to encash and appropriate, from time to time and as many times as required by the 
Authority,  from the Performance Security such amounts as may be due to it under this 
Agreement, including in respect of any Damages payable by the Operator for a failure to 
perform its obligations under this Agreement, for an Operator Default or for failure to meet 
any Condition Precedent, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.  
 
9.2.2 Upon any encashment and appropriation from the Performance Security by the Authority, the 
Operator shall, within 15 (fifteen) days thereof, replenish, in case of partial appropriation, the 
performance security to the level required as per Clause 9.3.1, i.e., the applicable level 
prevailing at that time , and in case of appropriation of the entire Performance Security provide 
a fresh Performance Security, as the case may be, and the Operator shall, within the time so 
granted, replenish or furnish fresh Performance Security as aforesaid failing which the 
Authority shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement in accordance with Article 32. 
  
 9.3  Release of Performance Security  
 
9.3.1 The Performance Security shall remain in force and effect during the Contract Period and shall 
be returned in four equivalent installment after every 3 years from the date of COD or upon 
Termination of this Agreement due to an Authority Default within 120 (one hundred and 
twenty) days of the Termination Date, without any interest, subject to any deductions which 
may be made by the Authority in respect of any amounts due and payable by the Operator to 
the Authority in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.  
 
9.3.2 If the Performance Security is scheduled to expire before the end of the release period as per 
9.3.1, then the Operator shall obtain an extension of the Performance Security or furnish a new 
 
3 Calculated at approximately 3% (Three per cent) of the Total Project Cost.  

--- Page 182 ---
 
89 
Performance Security in the form set forth in Schedule-D at least 30 (thirty) days prior to the 
expiry of the Performance Security. If the Operator fails to extend or replace the Performance 
Security, the Authority shall be entitled to claim the entire amount then available under the 
Performance Security and retain such amount as a cash security until such time as the Operator 
submits an extension or replacement of the Performance Security to the satisfaction of the 
Authority. 
  

--- Page 183 ---
 
90 
 
ARTICLE-10 : RIGHT OF WAY FOR DEPOTS 
 
 10.1  Site for the Maintenance Depots  
   
The site(s) for the Maintenance Depots shall comprise the real estate described in Schedule-A 
and in respect of which a license shall be provided and granted by the Authority to the Operator 
as a licensee under and in accordance with this Agreement (the “Depot Site(s)”) in order for 
the Operator to carry out and perform its obligations under this Agreement.  
  
 10.2  Licence and Right of Way for Maintenance Depots   
 
10.2.1 The Authority hereby grants to the Operator access to the Depot Site(s) for carrying out, at its 
sole risk and expense, any surveys, investigations and soil tests that the Operator may deem 
necessary prior to the Appointed Date. The Operator expressly agrees that the Authority shall 
have no liability whatsoever in respect of any survey, investigations and tests carried out or 
work undertaken by the Operator on or about the Depot Site(s) pursuant hereto in the event of 
Termination or otherwise.  
 
10.2.2  In consideration of the license fee of Re.1 (Rupee One) per annum, this Agreement and the 
covenants and warranties on the part of the Operator herein contained, the Authority, in 
accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein, hereby grants to the Operator, 
effective from the dates specified in this Clause 10.2, leave and licence rights in respect of the 
Maintenance Depots at  is the locations described, delineated and shown in Schedule-A hereto 
(the “Licensed Premises”), free of any Encumbrances, to develop, equip, operate and maintain 
the said Licensed Premises, together with all and singular rights, liberties, privileges, 
easements and appurtenances whatsoever to the said Licensed Premises, any part thereof 
belonging to or in any way appurtenant thereto or enjoyed therewith, for the duration of this 
Agreement and, solely for the purposes permitted under this Agreement, and for no other 
purpose whatsoever.  
 
10.2.3 The Authority shall ensure that the Maintenance Depots handed over to the Operator under this 
Agreement comply in all respects with the Minimum Maintenance Depot Specifications.  
 
10.2.4  The Authority shall, in accordance with the timelines prescribed in Clause 4.1.2, provide and 
grant to the Operator, vacant access, constructive possession and licenses to possess the 
following Maintenance Depots:  
 
(a) the Maintenance Depot situated at {****}; and  
 
(b) the Maintenance Depot situated at {***}.4  
10.2.5 On and from the Appointed Date, the Authority shall provide and grant to the Operator, vacant 
access, constructive possession including right of way to the maintenance depot and license to 
possess additional Maintenance Depots, if any in line with the Delivery Schedule so as to 
 
4 Drafting Note – List of Maintenance Depots being handed over by the Authority prior to the Appointed Date to be 
finalized and populated at the time of signing of concession agreement. 

--- Page 184 ---
 
91 
enable the Operator to deploy the Buses in accordance with the Deployment Plan. The timeline 
accordance with this Clause 10.2.5 below: 
 
(a) within [3 (three)] months after the Appointed Date, the Authority shall handover the 
Maintenance Depot(s) situated at {****}; 
(b) within [6 (six)] months after the Appointed Date, the Authority shall handover the 
Maintenance Depot(s) situated at {****};……… 
(c) within [9 (Nine)] months after the Appointed Date, the Authority shall handover the 
Maintenance Depot(s) situated at {****};……… 
 
 
(each of the above dates, a “Scheduled Maintenance Depot Handover Date”).  
 
10.2.6  Subject to Clause 10.2.7 below, in the event that the Authority fails to provide vacant access, 
constructive possession and license to possess the Maintenance Depots specified in Clause 
10.2.5 above, which comply with the Minimum Maintenance Depot Specifications, on or prior 
to the respective Scheduled Maintenance Depot Handover Date, it shall pay to the Operator as 
Damages, Rs. 10,000 (Rupees ten thousand) per day per depot for each day of delay until, for 
all the Maintenance Depots required to be handed over by the Authority, vacant access, 
constructive possession and license to possess thereof is delivered to the Operator in 
accordance with the requirements of this Agreement.   
 
10.2.7 If the Authority is unable to handover, to the Operator, Maintenance Depots which meet the 
Minimum Maintenance Depot Specifications by the relevant Scheduled Maintenance Depot 
Handover Date, then the Authority may, by way of a written notice provided at least 30 (thirty) 
days prior to the relevant Scheduled Maintenance Depot Handover Date, require the Operator 
to takeover possession and control of the Maintenance Depot on an “as is where is” basis. On 
and from the date on which the Operator takes over peaceful, vacant and unencumbered 
possession of the Maintenance Depot, the Operator shall, at the cost of the Authority and 
without prejudice to its obligations to carry out the Fit Out Works, undertake and perform all 
such works and activities that may be required in order to ensure that the Maintenance Depot 
meets the Minimum Maintenance Depot Specifications. The scope of work required to be 
undertaken by the Operator in this regard, including the costs payable by the Authority for such 
work, shall be mutually discussed and agreed by the Parties by way of a Change of Scope 
Order. The Operator shall also be entitled to a mutually agreed extension of the Scheduled 
Maintenance Depot Completion Date, with such extension being not less than 90 (ninety) days.  
 
10.2.8   Notwithstanding the provisions of Clause 10.2.2, the licence granted in respect of the Licensed 
Premises hereunder shall expire in respect of such Licensed Premises upon the transfer of the 
relevant Maintenance Depots upon the early termination or expiry of this Agreement.  
 
10.2.9  The Operator hereby irrevocably appoints the Authority (acting directly or through a nominee) 
to be its true and lawful attorney, to execute and sign in the name of the Operator, a transfer or 
surrender of the license granted/ to be granted hereunder at any time after the Contract Period 
has expired or has been terminated earlier in terms hereof, sufficient proof of which will be the 
declaration of any duly authorised officer of the Authority, and the Operator consents to it 
being registered for this purpose.  
 
 

--- Page 185 ---
 
92 
 10.3  Handover of the Licensed Premises  
 
10.3.1  For each Maintenance Depot that is to be handed over to the Operator pursuant to the terms of 
this Agreement, after the Appointed Date, the Authority’s Representative and the Operator 
shall, on a mutually agreed date and time, inspect the Licensed Premises and prepare a 
memorandum containing an inventory of the Licensed Premises including the vacant and 
unencumbered land, buildings, structures, road works and trees on or attached to the Licensed 
Premises. Such memorandum shall have appended thereto a statement (the “Appendix”) 
specifying in reasonable detail those parts of the Licensed Premises to which vacant possession 
has not been granted to the Operator. Signing of the memorandum, in two counterparts (each 
of which shall constitute an original), by the authorised representatives of the Parties shall, 
subject to the provisions of Clause 10.2.2, be deemed to constitute a valid licence and Right of 
Way to the Operator for free and unrestricted use and development of the vacant and 
unencumbered Licensed Premises during the Contract Period under and in accordance with the 
provisions of this Agreement and for no other purpose whatsoever. For the avoidance of doubt, 
it is agreed that possession with respect to the parts of the Licensed Premises as set forth in the 
Appendix shall be deemed to have been granted to the Operator upon vacant access thereto 
being provided by the Authority to the Operator.  
 
10.3.2  Without prejudice to the provisions of Clause 10.3.1, the Parties hereto agree that the Authority 
shall have granted vacant possession and Right of Way to the Licensed Premises such that the 
Appendix shall not include more than 10% (ten per cent) of the total area of the Licensed 
Premises or such area as maybe mutually decided between the parties. and in the event 
Financial Close is delayed solely on account of delay in grant of such vacant access and Right 
of Way, the Authority shall be liable to payment of Damages under and in accordance with the 
provisions of Clause 21.1.1.  
 
10.3.3  On and after signing the memorandum referred to in Clause 10.3.1, and until the Transfer Date, 
the Operator shall maintain a round-the-clock vigil over the Licensed Premises and shall ensure 
and procure that no encroachment thereon takes place, and in the event of any encroachment 
or occupation on any part thereof, the Operator shall report such encroachment or occupation 
forthwith to the Authority and undertake its removal at its cost and expenses.  
 
10.3.4  DELETED 
  
10.3.5  The Operator may, if so requested by the Authority, procure on behalf of the Authority, on the 
terms and to the extent specified by the Authority, the additional land required for ancillary  
buildings or for construction of works specified in any Change of Scope Order issued under 
Article 15, in accordance with this Agreement and upon procurement, such land shall form part 
of the Licensed Premises and vest in the Authority; provided that the Operator may, by notice 
given to the Authority no later than 60 (sixty) days from the Appointed Date or the date of 
Change of Scope Order, as the case may be, require the Authority to initiate and undertake 
proceedings for acquisition of such land under the provisions of the Applicable Laws and the 
Authority shall take all such steps as may be reasonably necessary for such land acquisition 
forthwith. Provided further that the cost of land acquired under this Clause 10.3.5 shall be 
borne by the Authority in accordance with Applicable Laws and that the land to be acquired 
by the Authority hereunder as a part of the Licensed Premises shall be deemed to be included 
in the Appendix referred to in this Clause 10.3 and dealt with in accordance with the provisions 
thereof. For the avoidance of doubt, it is agreed that the minimum area of land to be acquired 

--- Page 186 ---
 
93 
for the ancillary buildings, electric sub-stations and approach roads thereof shall conform to 
the provisions of Schedule-A. It is further agreed that the Authority may, at any time after the 
Bid Date, suo moto acquire the land required hereunder.  
  
 10.4  Maintenance Depot to be free from Encumbrances  
 
The Maintenance Depots made available by the Authority to the Operator pursuant hereto shall 
be free from all Encumbrances and occupations and without the Operator being required to 
make any payment to the Authority on account of any costs, compensation, expenses and 
charges for the acquisition, development, possession and use of such Licensed Premises for 
the duration of the Contract Period, except insofar as otherwise expressly provided in this 
Agreement.  
  
 10.5  Protection of Site from encroachments  
 
During the Contract Period, the Operator shall protect the Licensed Premises from any and all 
occupations, encroachments or Encumbrances, and shall not place or create nor permit any 
Contractor or other person claiming through or under the Operator to place or create any 
Encumbrance or security interest over all or any part of the Licensed Premises or the Project 
Assets, or on any rights of the Operator therein or under this Agreement, save and except as 
otherwise expressly set forth in this Agreement.  
  
 10.6  Access to the Authority  
 
The licence, Right of Way and right to the Licensed Premises granted to the Operator hereunder 
shall always be subject to the right of access of the Authority and their employees and agents 
for inspection, viewing and exercise of their rights and performance of their obligations under 
this Agreement.  
  
 10.7  Geological and archaeological finds  
 
It is expressly agreed that mining, geological or archaeological rights do not form part of the 
license granted to the Operator under this Agreement, and the Operator hereby acknowledges 
that it shall not have any mining rights or interest in the underlying minerals, fossils, antiquities, 
structures or other remnants or things either of particular geological or archaeological interest. 
Such rights, interest and property on or under the Depot Sites shall vest in and belong to the 
Authority or the concerned Government Instrumentality. The Operator shall take all reasonable 
precautions to prevent its workmen or any other person from removing or damaging such 
interest or property and shall inform the Authority and any other concerned Government 
Instrumentality forthwith of the discovery thereof and comply with such instructions as the 
Authority or the concerned Government Instrumentality may reasonably give for the removal 
of such property. For the avoidance of doubt, it is agreed that any reasonable expenses incurred 
by the Operator hereunder shall be reimbursed by the Authority and to the extent that the Fit 
Out Works have been impeded as a result, the Operator shall be given an extension of time. It 
is also agreed that the Authority shall procure that the instructions hereunder are issued by the 
concerned Government Instrumentality within a reasonable period so as to enable the Operator 
to continue the Fit Out Works with such modifications as may be deemed necessary.  
  

--- Page 187 ---
 
94 
 10.8  Felling of trees  
 
The Authority shall procure any Applicable Permits required for felling of trees to be identified 
by the Operator for this purpose if and only if such trees cause a material adverse effect on the 
Fit Out Works or the Operation and Maintenance of the Maintenance Depots, as the case may 
be. In the event of any delay in felling thereof for reasons beyond the control of the Operator, 
it shall be excused for failure to perform any of its obligations hereunder if such failure is a 
direct consequence of delay in the felling of trees. For the avoidance of doubt, the costs and 
expense in respect of felling of trees shall be borne by the Operator and any revenues thereof 
shall be paid to the Authority. 
 
10.9 Unforeseen Site Conditions 
 
If, after the Maintenance Depots are handed over the Operator in accordance with this Article 
10, the Operator encounters any adverse physical conditions at the Licensed Premises, which 
could not have been reasonably foreseen by acting in accordance with Good Industry Practices, 
the Operator may seek a Change of Scope in accordance with Article 15. Upon receipt of a 
request for a Change of Scope due to unforeseen conditions relating to the Licensed Premises, 
if, in the opinion and sole discretion of the Authority, such conditions could not have been 
reasonably foreseen by a prudent developer acting in accordance with Good Industry Practices, 
then the Authority shall issue a Change of Scope Order in accordance with Article 15. Any 
decision of the Authority regarding the existence of any unforeseen conditions relating to the 
Licensed Premises shall be final and binding.   
  

--- Page 188 ---
 
95 
ARTICLE-11 : UTILITIES, ASSOCIATED ROADS AND TREES 
 
 11.1  Existing utilities and roads  
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Operator shall ensure that the 
respective entities owning the existing roads, right of way or utilities on, under or above the 
Depot Site(s) are enabled by it to keep such utilities in continuous satisfactory use, if necessary, 
by providing suitable temporary or permanent diversions with the authority of the controlling 
body of that road, right of way or utility, and the Authority shall, upon written request from 
the Operator, initiate and undertake at its cost, legal proceedings for acquisition of any right of 
way necessary for such diversion.  
  
 11.2  Shifting of obstructing utilities  
 
The Operator shall, subject to Applicable Laws and with assistance of the Authority, undertake 
shifting of any utility including electric lines, water pipes and telephone cables, to an 
appropriate location or alignment within or outside the Depot Site if and only if such utility 
causes or shall cause a Material Adverse Effect on the Fit Out Works, Operation or 
Maintenance of the Maintenance Depots. The cost of such shifting shall be borne by the 
Authority or by the entity owning such utility, if the Authority so directs, and in the event of 
any delay in shifting thereof, the Operator shall be excused for failure to perform any of its 
obligations hereunder if such failure is a direct consequence of delay on the part of the entity 
owning such electric lines, water pipes or telephone cables, as the case may be.  
  
 11.3  New utilities and transport systems  
 
The Operator shall allow, subject to such conditions as the Authority may specify, access to, 
and use of the Depot Sites for laying telephone lines, water pipes, electric cables or other public 
utilities. Where such access or use causes any financial loss to the Operator, the Authority shall 
pay compensation or damages as per Applicable Laws. For the avoidance of doubt, it is agreed 
that use of the Depot Site(s) under this Clause shall not in any manner relieve the Operator of 
its obligation to undertake the Fit Out Works and Operate and Maintain the Maintenance Depot 
in accordance with this Agreement and any damage caused by such use shall be restored 
forthwith.  
  
  

--- Page 189 ---
 
96 
ARTICLE-12 : COMPLETION OF THE MAINTENANCE DEPOTS 
 
12.1 Road Connectivity  
 
The Authority shall, at its own cost and expense, provide, or cause to be provided road 
connectivity (sufficient for the movement of the Buses and other vehicles and machinery 
required for the Operation and Maintenance of the Maintenance Depots) between the boundary 
of the relevant Maintenance Depot and the nearest motorable road, by no later than the timeline 
specified in Clause 10.2.4 and 10.2.5.    
  
12.2 Obligations prior to commencement of construction  
 
Prior to commencement of the Fit Out Works, the Operator shall:  
 
(a) submit to the Authority its detailed design, construction methodology, quality 
assurance procedures, and the procurement, engineering and construction time 
schedule for completion of the Fit Out Works at the Maintenance Depots (including 
installation of the Charging Infrastructure);  
(b) appoint its representative duly authorised to deal with the Authority in respect of all 
matters under or arising out of or relating to this Agreement;  
(c) undertake, do and perform all such acts, deeds and things as may be necessary or 
required before commencement of the Fit Out Works under and in accordance with 
this Agreement, the Applicable Laws and Applicable Permits; and  
(d) make its own arrangements for quarrying of materials needed, if any, for the 
Maintenance Depot under and in accordance with the Applicable Laws and Applicable 
Permits.  
 
12.3 Maintenance during Fit Out Period  
 
While undertaking the Fit Out Works, the Operator shall maintain, at its cost, the existing roads 
along the alignment of the Maintenance Depots so that their traffic worthiness and safety are at 
no time materially inferior as compared to their condition 7 (seven) days prior to the date on 
which such Maintenance Depots are handed over by the Authority, and shall undertake the 
necessary repair and maintenance works for this purpose; provided that the Operator may, at its 
cost, interrupt and divert the flow of traffic if such interruption and diversion is necessary for 
the efficient progress of the Fit Out Works and conforms to Good Industry Practice. For the 
avoidance of doubt, it is agreed that the Operator shall at all times be responsible for ensuring 
safe operation of the existing roads along the alignment of the Maintenance Depots.  
 
12.4 Drawings  
 
In respect of the Operator’s obligations relating to the Drawings of the Maintenance Depots as 
set forth in Schedule-F, the following shall apply:  
 
(a) The Operator shall prepare and submit, with reasonable promptness, 3 (three) copies 
each of all Drawings to the Authority for review.  

--- Page 190 ---
 
97 
 
(b) By submitting the Drawings for review to the Authority, the Operator shall be deemed 
to have represented that it has determined and verified that the design and engineering 
of the Fit Out Works, including the field construction criteria related thereto, are in 
conformity with the Scope of the Agreement, Specifications and Standards, Applicable 
Laws and Good Industry Practice.  
 
(c) Within 15 (fifteen) days of the receipt of the Drawings, the Authority shall review the 
same and convey its observations to the Operator with particular reference to their 
conformity or otherwise with the Scope of the Agreement and the Specifications and 
Standards. The Operator shall not be obliged to await the observations of the Authority 
on the Drawings submitted pursuant hereto beyond the said 15 (fifteen) days period 
and may begin or continue the Fit Out Works at its own discretion and risk. However, 
if the Authority fails to provide its observations on the Drawings submitted by the 
Operator within 30 (thirty) days of receipt of such Drawings, the Drawings shall be 
deemed to be approved subject to the Operator issuing a notice of reminder to the 
Authority at least 7 (seven) days prior to the expiry of the aforesaid 30 (thirty) day 
period.  
 
(d) If the aforesaid observations of the Authority indicate that the Drawings are not in 
conformity with the Scope of the Agreement or the Specifications and Standards, such 
Drawings shall be revised by the Operator and resubmitted to the Authority for review. 
The Authority shall give its observations, if any, within 7 (seven) days of receipt of the 
revised Drawings.  
 
(e) No review and/or observation of the Authority and/or its failure to review and/or 
convey its observations on any Drawings shall relieve the Operator of its obligations 
and liabilities under this Agreement in any manner nor shall the Authority be liable for 
the same in any manner.  
 
(f) Within 90 (ninety) days of the issuance of the Maintenance Depot Completion 
Certificate for each Maintenance Depot, the Operator shall furnish to the Authority a 
complete set of as-built Drawings, in 2 (two) hard copies and in its editable digital 
format or in such other medium and manner as may be acceptable to the Authority, 
reflecting the Fit Out Works actually designed, engineered and constructed, including 
an as-built survey illustrating the layout of the Maintenance Depots and setback lines, 
if any, of the buildings and structures.  
 
  
 12.5  Completion of the Maintenance Depots  
 
12.5.1 On and from the date on which the Authority hands over possession of each of the Maintenance 
Depots to the Operator pursuant to Clause 10.2.4, 10.2.5 or 10.2.6, as the case may be, the 
Operator shall undertake the Fit Out Works for such Maintenance Depot in conformity with the 
Specifications and Standards set forth in Schedule-E. Subject to Clause 10.2.6, the Operator 
shall complete the Fit Out Works within 8 weeks for 9m and 12 m Buses from the date on which 
each Maintenance Depot is handed over by the Authority pursuant to Clause 10.2.4 and 10.2.5 
(each date the “Scheduled Maintenance Depot Completion Date”) .  
 

--- Page 191 ---
 
98 
12.5.2 In the event that the Operator fails to complete the Fit Out Works by the Scheduled Maintenance 
Depot Completion Date (as may be extended in accordance with the terms of this Agreement), 
unless such failure has occurred due to a Delay Event, it shall pay Damages to the Authority in 
a sum calculated at the rate of 0.1% (zero point one per cent) of the amount of Performance 
Security per bus times the number of buses allocated to the specific depot for each day of delay 
until the Fit Out Works are completed and the relevant Maintenance Depot is ready to be put 
into commercial operation.  For the avoidance of doubt, it is agreed that recovery of Damages 
under this Clause 12.5.2 shall be without prejudice to the rights of the Authority under this 
Agreement, including the right of Termination thereof. 
 
12.5.3 In the event that the Maintenance Depot Completion Date, for any Maintenance Depot, does 
not occur within 270 (two hundred and seventy) days from the relevant Scheduled Maintenance 
Depot Completion Date (as may be extended in accordance with the terms of this Agreement), 
unless the delay is on account of a Delay Event, the Authority shall be entitled to terminate this 
Agreement for an Operator Default and the consequences of such termination as set out in 
Article 33 shall apply. 
 
12.5.4 Upon completion of the Fit Out Works at each Maintenance Depot, the Operator shall issue a 
notice to the Authority pursuant to which the Authority, or the Authority’s Representative, shall, 
within 7 (seven) days from the date of such notice, inspect the Maintenance Depot to assess its 
conformity with the Specifications and Standards. If the Maintenance Depot complies with the 
Specifications and Standards, the Authority shall issue a completion certificate for the 
Maintenance Depot (“Maintenance Depot Completion Certificate”). If, however, pursuant to 
any inspection undertaken by the Authority, or the Authority’s Representative, any defects or 
deficiencies are identified in the Maintenance Depot, the Operator shall, no later than 30 (thirty) 
days from the date of such notice, rectify and remedy such defects or deficiencies and shall 
issue a notice to the Authority pursuant to which the Authority may re-inspect the Maintenance 
Depot. The process set out in this Clause 12.5.4 shall continue until all defects and deficiencies 
in the Maintenance Depot have been rectified and the Authority has issued the Maintenance 
Depot Completion Certificate for such Maintenance Depot.    
  
 12.6  Extension of Time  
 
12.6.1 Subject to Clause 12.6.2 below, the Operator shall be entitled to a day-for-day extension of the 
relevant Scheduled Maintenance Depot Completion Date and the Delivery Schedule if and only 
to the extent that performance of the Fit Out Works for such Maintenance Depot or the 
procurement of the Buses is, or will be, delayed due to a Delay Event. 
 
12.6.2 The Operator shall promptly provide the Authority with:  
 
a notice upon becoming aware of any Delay Event; and 
 
(ii) a notice of its claim for extension the Scheduled Maintenance Depot Completion Date 
and Delivery Schedule, with such notice specifying the nature of the Delay Event, the 
extent of delay suffered or likely to be suffered by the Operator, the mitigation 
measures being taken or proposed to be taken by the Operator in order to minimise the 
impact of the Delay Event, and any other information relevant to claim such extension. 
 

--- Page 192 ---
 
99 
Subject to Clause 12.6.3 below, the issuance of such notice within 7 (seven) days from the date 
the Operator became aware of the Delay Event shall be a condition precedent to the Operator’s 
entitlement to an extension under this Clause 12.6. 
 
12.6.3  Where a Delay Event has a continuing effect or where the Operator is unable to determine 
whether the effect of a Delay Event will actually cause delay to the Fit Out Works or 
procurement of the Buses, so that it is not practical for the Operator to provide notice in 
accordance with Clause 12.6.2 above, a statement to that effect with reasons together with any 
other relevant information shall be submitted in place of the notice required pursuant to Clause 
12.6.2. In such an event, the Operator shall, as soon as reasonably practical, submit to the 
Authority the information required pursuant to Clause 12.6.2.   
 
12.6.4 Without prejudice to the Operator’s obligations to notify the Authority regarding the occurrence 
of a Delay Event above, the Operator shall: (i) keep and maintain records to accurately 
substantiate and establish claims for extensions under this Clause 12.6; and (ii) give the 
Authority access to such records and documents or provide the Authority with copies, if so 
requested. 
 
12.6.5 If there are two or more concurrent causes of delay and only one of those concurrent causes is 
a cause of delay which would entitle the Operator to an extension of time in accordance with 
this Clause 12.6, then the Operator shall not be entitled to an extension of time for the period 
of such concurrency. 
 
12.6.6 The Operator shall not be entitled to any extension of time for any reason whatsoever, including 
due to: 
 
(i) delay caused in complying with any instructions of the Authority which are directly 
attributable to any act or omission of the Operator; 
(ii) failure of any Contractor to commence or carry out any work within the prescribed 
timelines; 
(iii) unavailability or shortage of equipment, materials or any other resources (including any 
utilities); or  
(iv) inclement weather conditions except in case of Force Majeure.  
 
12.6.7 Any Dispute between the Parties with respect to the occurrence, length of subsistence or 
consequence of any Delay Event shall be settled in a final and binding manner in accordance 
with the Dispute Resolution Procedure. 
  
  
  

--- Page 193 ---
 
100 
ARTICLE-13 : PROCUREMENT OF BUSES 
 
13.1 Standards and Specifications   
 
The Operator shall procure Buses meeting all the Specifications and Standards provided in 
Schedule-B.  
 
13.2 Ownership of Buses  
 
The Operator agrees that it shall be solely responsible for the procurement of Buses. Subject 
to the terms of this Agreement, the Parties agree that during the Contract Period, ownership of 
the Buses shall remain with the Operator and the Operator shall cause all Buses to be registered 
in the name of the Operator, or, where title and ownership of the Buses lies with any other 
Person pursuant to the terms of any Project Agreement, in the name of such Person, and the 
Authority shall not exercise any right, title, or interest over any of the Buses, unless provided 
otherwise under the terms of this Agreement. The Operator shall have the right to lease the 
Buses required to be provided under this Agreement under the Bus Lease Agreements on terms 
that are consistent with this Agreement. 
 
 
13.3 Delivery Schedule  
 
The Operator shall procure the Buses as per the Delivery Schedule provided in Schedule-G 
hereto and shall ensure the Buses are ready for Commencement of Service in accordance with 
Article 14. The Operator further agrees that prior to procurement of the Buses, it shall procure 
a Prototype Bus for the approval of the Authority in accordance with Clause 13.4.  
 
13.4 Prototype   
 
13.4.1 The Operator shall, within 21 (twenty one) days  from the date of signing of concession 
agreement, provide to the Authority (or any nominee appointed by it for this purpose) 5 (five) 
copies of the Designs and Drawings (along with soft copies) of a sample Bus that conforms to 
the Specifications and Standards (the “Prototype”), as specified in Schedule-F. Provided that 
the Operator may, share only the details of the layout of the Prototype and not share any 
propriety information forming part of Designs and Drawings of the Prototype.   
 
13.4.2 The Authority, or any independent third party agency appointed by the Authority for this 
purpose, shall depute a team of experts for undertaking a review of the Designs and Drawings 
to ensure compliance with the requirements of this Agreement. Based on the review, the 
Authority (or its nominee) shall prepare and submit a report (the “Design Report”) 
highlighting therein, amongst other aspects, any specific non-compliances in the Designs and 
Drawings with the requirements of this Agreement. The Authority (or its nominee) shall submit 
a copy of the Design Report to the Operator within 15 (fifteen) days from the date of receiving 
the Designs and Drawings of the Prototype from the Operator. It is agreed that any failure or 

--- Page 194 ---
 
101 
omission of the Authority, or its nominee, to review and/ or comment on the Designs and 
Drawings or to highlight any deficiency therein shall not be construed or deemed as acceptance 
of any such Designs and Drawings by the Authority, or its nominee (if any) and, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Operator acknowledges and agrees that it is the 
sole responsibility of the Operator to ensure that the Designs and Drawings are fully in 
compliance with the requirements of this Agreement.  
 
13.4.3 Pursuant to the Design Report or otherwise, the Operator shall carry out such modifications in 
the Designs and Drawings as may be necessary in order for the Prototype to conform to the 
requirements of this Agreement, including without limitation, the Specifications and 
Standards. The Authority expressly agrees that it (and any nominee of the Authority) shall, 
subject to the provisions of this Agreement and Applicable Laws, maintain the confidentiality 
of any Designs and Drawings provided to them by the Operator and shall endeavour to protect 
the Intellectual Property rights of the Operator, if any, therein. 
 
13.5 Tests at Manufacturer’s Plant  
 
13.5.1 Prior to procuring the supply of the Prototype, the Operator shall carry out, or cause to be 
carried out on the Prototype, at its own cost and expense, all Tests in accordance with Schedule-
H and such other tests that the Operator may consider necessary to demonstrate that the 
Prototype complies in all respects with the requirements of this Agreement, including the 
Specifications and Standards. The Operator shall provide to the Authority (or its nominee) 
forthwith, a copy of the Operator’s report on each test containing the results of such test and 
the action, if any, that it proposes to take for compliance with the requirements of this 
Agreement, including the Specifications and standards. 
13.5.2 The Operator shall, with at least 2 (two) weeks’ notice to  City, convey the 
date, schedule and type of tests that shall be conducted on the Prototype at the 
manufacturer’s plant and City (and/or any nominated officials/agency by city)  shall 
have the right to witness the tests. It is clarified that all costs incurred on account of 
the visit of city (and/or any officials/agency nominated by city) to the manufacturer’s 
plant shall be borne by the Operator. All the expenses/ charges by third party agency 
towards the testing, inspection of the prototype bus shall be borne by the bidder.    
13.5.3 The city (and/or any nominated officials/agency by city) shall prepare and 
submit a report forthwith on the tests witnessed by it highlighting therein, amongst 
other aspects, any specific non- compliances with the requirements of this Agreement. 
The city (and/or any nominated officials/agency by city ) shall submit a copy of this 
report to the Operator. The Operator shall, prior to dispatch of the Prototype for 
delivery to the Authority, procure that defects and deficiencies, if any, are rectified and 
the Prototype conforms with the Specifications and Standards. It is agreed that any 
failure or omission of any nominee or representative appointed by the Authority, to 
witness and/or comment on any tests conducted or to highlight any deficiency therein 
shall not be construed or deemed as acceptance of such tests by the city (and/or any 
nominated officials/agency by city), and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the 
Operator acknowledges and agrees that it is the sole responsibility of the Operator to 

--- Page 195 ---
 
102 
ensure that the tests carried out on the Prototype are fully in compliance with the 
requirements of this Agreement. 
13.5.4 In the event of failure of any Test specified in Clause 13.5.1, the Operator shall 
rectify the defect and conduct repeat Tests, and the procedure specified in this Clause 
13.5 shall apply mutatis mutandis to such repeat Tests.   
 
13.6 Supply of Prototype  
 
13.6.1 The Operator shall, no later than 8 weeks (for 12m and 9m buses) after the execution of this 
Agreement, procure and deliver a Prototype and demonstrate to the city (and/or any nominated 
officials/agency by city), the tests and trials conducted in accordance with the provisions of 
Clause 13.5.   
 
13.6.2 In the event that the Operator fails to procure the Prototype within the period specified in 
Clause 13.6.1, the Authority may recover from the Operator an amount equal to 0.5% (zero 
point five per cent) of the Performance Security as Damages for each and every week, or part 
thereof, by which the delivery of the Prototype is delayed; provided that such Damages shall 
not exceed 10% (ten per cent) of the Performance Security. 
 
13.7 Acceptance of Prototypes  
 
13.7.1 Upon procurement of the Prototype by the Operator, the Authority (or its nominee) shall, for 
determining that the Prototype conforms to the requirements of this Agreement, including the 
Specifications and Standards, inspect the Prototype, test trial of prototype bus for at least 7 
days which includes  the measurement of its performance in terms of battery capacity, battery 
range as well to ensure the compatibility of the charging requirement of electric bus with 
subsisting bus schedule including successful demonstration of ITS integration with the 
Authority/Centralized ITMS platform. The Authority shall ensure the full operational 
functionality of the ITMS platform during the test trial period. The Operator shall not be held 
responsible for any delay, failure, or non-performance arising from the non-availability or 
malfunctioning of the ITMS platform at the Authority’s end Once the Operator has successfully 
demonstrated to the central testing agency that the Prototype conforms to the requirements of 
this Agreement, including pursuant to any tests required to be undertaken based on instructions 
from the Authority, the Authority shall, no later than 7 (seven) days from such date, issue a 
notice to the Operator, certifying that the Prototype is in compliance with the requirements of 
this Agreement, including the Specifications and Standards.    
13.7.2 The Parties expressly agree that acceptance of the Prototype by the Authority (or its nominee) 
shall not relieve or absolve the Operator of its obligations and liabilities under this Agreement 
in any manner whatsoever.  
 
  

--- Page 196 ---
 
103 
13.8 Procurement of Buses  
 
Upon approval of the Prototype in accordance with Clause 13.7, the Operator shall procure the 
remaining Buses in accordance with the provisions of Schedule-G and shall comply with 
timelines of the Delivery Schedule specified therein. The Operator agrees that the Buses shall 
include the same specifications and standards as the approved Prototype provided in this 
Article 13.  
 
13.9 Delay in Procurement  
 
13.9.1 In the event the Operator is unable to procure any Bus as per this Article 13, for reasons not 
directly attributable to a Delay Event, the Operator shall pay Damages at the rate of 0.1 % (zero 
point one per cent) of the Performance Security per bus for each day of delay for each Bus 
(whose procurement is delayed) till the date of procurement of such Bus.   
 
13.9.2 If the procurement of any Bus is delayed by a period exceeding 100 (Hundred) days from the 
scheduled date of procurement of such Bus as provided in the Delivery Schedule, for reasons 
not directly attributable to a Delay Event, or if the Damages payable by the Operator for such 
delay in procurement of Buses exceeds 10% (ten percent) of the Performance Security, 
notwithstanding anything provided in this Agreement, it shall be regarded as an Operator 
Default.  
 
The Damages payable by the Operator shall become due and payable within 7 (seven) days of 
receipt of notice in this regard from the Authority.   
 
 
13.10 Readiness for Commencement of Service  
 
13.10.1 The Operator agrees that it shall undertake such activities as required under Applicable Law, 
Applicable Permits and Good Industry Practice in order to ensure that each Lot of Buses 
procured in accordance with the Delivery Schedule are ready for Commencement of Service. 
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, such activities shall include:  
 
(a) joint inspection with the Authority of the Buses proposed to be introduced into service;  
(b) obtaining the certificate of registration for each Bus proposed to be introduced into 
service;  
(c) obtaining the certificate of fitness for each Bus proposed to be introduced into service;  
(d) payment of all applicable Taxes; 
(e) obtaining insurance for each Bus proposed to be introduced into service in accordance 
with Article 25; and 
(f) any other readiness related activity to ensure roadworthiness of the Buses proposed to 
be introduced into service.  

--- Page 197 ---
 
104 
 
13.10.2 The Operator shall achieve readiness for Commencement of Service for each Lot of Buses 
procured by it in accordance with Article 14, no later than 30 (thirty) days from the date of 
procurement of such Lot of Buses, or any extended period as may be agreed upon by the 
Parties. 
 
13.10.3 The Parties hereto expressly agree that if the delay in achieving readiness for Commencement 
of Services for any Lot of Buses procured has arisen solely and directly on account of any 
Delay Event, the Operator shall be entitled to such additional time as may be reasonably 
required by the circumstances of the case for achieving readiness for Commencement of 
Services.  
  
13.11 Damage due to accident  
 
13.11.1 The Operator shall be liable for any damage to the Bus on account of accidents. The Operator 
agrees that it shall undertake repair and rectification of such damaged Bus such that the Bus 
conforms to the Specifications and Standards, to the satisfaction of the Authority.  
 
13.11.2 The Operator agrees that the Authority shall not be responsible for any liability arising out of 
any civil or criminal proceedings instituted by any third party, as a result of such accident of 
the Bus and the Operator agrees that it shall keep the Authority and its officers, 
employees/workforce, agents, indemnified from and against any and all suits, proceedings, 
actions, demands and third party claims for any loss, damage, injury, death, cost and expense 
of whatever kind and nature arising from such accidents.  
 
13.11.3 The Operator shall notify the relevant Government Instrumentalities and the Authority of any 
accidents verbally, within 1 (one) hour of its occurrence followed by a written notice (setting 
out in reasonable detail the cause of the accident and the steps taken or proposed to be taken 
by the Operator in connection with the same) and in the event, such accident involves any 
fatality(severe injury or major accident), the Operator shall intimate such accident verbally 
within 5 (five) minutes of the occurrence of such accident, followed by a written notice (setting 
out in reasonable detail the cause of the accident and the steps taken or proposed to be taken 
by the Operator in connection with the same). Where any persons involved in the accident have 
suffered physical injuries, the Operator shall co-ordinate with the relevant Government 
Instrumentalities to ensure timely medical help and treatment. The Authority shall provide 
reasonable assistance and support to the Operator in such situation.  
 
13.11.4 In the event of an accident of a Bus leading to its complete destruction, such that the Bus cannot 
be repaired and operated in normal circumstances, and is rendered inoperable, the Operator 
shall replace such damaged Bus with a new Bus of such make and model which meets the 
Specifications and Standards and as acceptable to the Authority. The Operator agrees that any 
Bus brought as a replacement to a damaged Bus in accordance with this Clause 13.11.4 shall 
be used in the Bus Service for the remaining Contract Period.  
  

--- Page 198 ---
 
105 
ARTICLE-14 : ENTRY INTO COMMERCIAL SERVICE 
 
14.1  Inspection by the Authority  
  
14.1.1 The Authority (or its nominee) may inspect each Bus or any Lot of Buses procured by the 
Operator, in accordance with the provisions of this Clause 14.1, prior to the Operator putting 
such Bus into operation. All the expenses/ charges by third party agency (in case nominated 
by the Authority) towards the testing, inspection of the prototype bus shall be borne by the 
bidder. 
 
14.1.2 The Operator shall notify the Authority, no later than 15(fifteen) days prior to the date of 
procurement of the Buses, the date and time on which each Lot of Buses is to be procured and 
available for inspection. The Authority may, in its discretion, nominate its representative to 
carry out an inspection of such Buses at a scheduled date and time.  
  
14.1.3 The Operator shall provide the assistance necessary for the Authority Representative to 
perform the inspection in accordance with the provisions of this Clause 14.1. For the avoidance 
of doubt, the Parties expressly agree that such inspection shall be completed within a period of 
72 (seventy two) hours from the time when a Bus is made available for inspection and upon 
expiry thereof, the Bus shall, subject to satisfactory completion of the safety inspection under 
Clause 14.1.2, be deemed to have been approved by the Authority.  
 
14.1.4 The Operator shall ensure that all Buses meet the prescribed safety standards as set out in the 
Specifications and Standards and Applicable Law, including but not limited to, ensuring that 
the Buses are fitted with CCTV cameras, automatic vehicle locator systems, fire and smoke 
detection equipment and panic buttons designed to send real-time alerts to the Control Centre. 
In the event that, pursuant to any inspection conducted in accordance with Clause 14.1, the 
Authority’s Representative concludes that any Bus does not conform with the safety standards 
set out in the Specifications and Standards and this Agreement, and is therefore not safe for 
entry into service, it shall convey to the Parties forthwith, a report stating in detail the reasons 
for its findings. The Operator shall, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this 
Article 14, not introduce such Bus into service until all defects and deficiencies have been 
rectified by the Operator and the Bus has been presented to the Authority for re-inspection. 
Upon presentation by the Operator of any such Bus for introduction in service, the Authority’s 
Representative shall re-inspect such Bus and upon it being satisfied that the Bus conforms to 
the safety standards set out in the Specifications and Standards and this Agreement, the 
Operator shall be allowed to introduce such Bus into service. 
 
14.1.5 The Authority Representative shall, pursuant to any inspection conducted under this Clause 
14.1, also submit an inspection report for each Bus identifying any minor defects and 
deficiencies required to be rectified by the Operator in conformity with the Specifications and 
Standards (the “Punch List”). The Operator shall, no later than 30 (thirty) days from the date 
on which it receives the Punch List, rectify each item in the Punch List and notify the Authority 
of the same. The Authority may, in its discretion, inspect the Bus within 7 (seven) days thereof. 

--- Page 199 ---
 
106 
and in the event that any Punch List items remain un-rectified, the Operator shall pay to the 
Authority as Damages, an amount of 1% (one per cent) of the Performance Security per bus 
for each day of delay until all items of the Punch List for the particular bus are rectified.    
 
14.2          Commercial Operation Date (COD) for Respective Lot of Buses  
 
  
14.2.1  The Operator shall within 30 (thirty) days from the date of delivery of each respective Lot of 
Buses (as mentioned in the Delivery Schedule) comply with the following:  
  
(a) ensure activities related to readiness for Commencement of Services are completed;  
(b) appoint duly experienced (Minimum 2 years) and trained drivers holding valid driving 
licenses in accordance with Applicable Law;  
(c) deposit copy of the driving licenses of the appointed drivers with the Authority; and 
(d) ensure that the Maintenance Depot Completion Certificate has been issued in 
accordance with Clause 12.5.4 for each Maintenance Depot; 
(e) ensure that the Charging Infrastructure required for the charging of such Lot of Buses 
has been installed and is commissioned and ready to operate in accordance with the 
requirements of this Agreement; and  
(f) procure and install the necessary movable assets such as plant and equipment, 
materials, consumables, etc. at the Maintenance Depot as required for the Operation 
and Maintenance of the Buses, the Maintenance Depots and the Charging 
Infrastructure.  
  
14.2.2  Upon completing the activities enumerated in Clause 14.2.1 above for the each Lot of Buses, 
the Operator shall intimate in writing to the Authority of its readiness to achieve COD for such 
Lot of Buses, along with detailed proof of completing each such activity. The Authority shall, 
within 2 (two) days of receiving such written intimation, inspect the relevant documents and 
the Maintenance Depot, including the Charging Infrastructure, to determine compliance by the 
Operator with its obligations in Clause 14.2.1 above. Upon being satisfied that the Operator 
has duly complied with all the requirements set forth in Clause 14.2.1 above for achieving 
COD for such Lot of Buses, the Authority shall within a period no longer than 5 (five) days 
from such inspection, issue to the Operator a Completion Certificate (the “Completion 
Certificate”) for such Lot of Buses. In the event, any deficiencies or shortcomings are 
observed by the Authority in relation to the fulfilment by the Operator of its obligations under 
Clause 14.2.1 for any particular Buses, the Authority shall exclude such Buses from the 
relevant Lot and shall issue a Completion Certificate with respect to the remaining Buses in 
the Lot. For the Buses that have been excluded from a particular Lot, the Authority shall issue 
a notice to the Operator within 2 (two) days of such inspection highlighting the deficiencies or 
shortcomings. The Operator shall rectify/remove the deficiencies within such period as 
specified by the Authority and the Authority shall, upon being satisfied that the deficiencies 
identified by it have been rectified, forthwith issue the Completion Certificate for such Buses. 
Provided however, that if the deficiencies or shortcomings observed by the Authority are minor 
in nature and can be rectified in the usual course of performing Operations and Maintenance 
of the Buses, the Authority shall not withhold the Completion Certificate for such Lot of Buses. 

--- Page 200 ---
 
107 
Provided further that the issuance of the Completion Certificate in such cases does not, in any 
manner, affect the Operator’s obligation to rectifying any deficiencies or shortcomings 
identified by the Authority.  
  
14.2.3  The date of issuance of the Completion Certificate for a particular Lot of Buses shall be 
reckoned as the “Lot Commercial Operation Date” or “Lot COD” under this Agreement. 
The date when the Completion Certificate is issued for all Lots of Buses required to be 
introduced into service by the Operator, shall be the Commercial Operation Date (“COD”) 
under this Agreement whereupon the Project enters into commercial service, provided, 
however, that the entry of any Buses into commercial service shall always be subject to 
compliance with the provisions of Clause 18.3. After a Lot COD, the Operator shall ensure 
Commencement of Service of the Buses in such Lot in accordance with the Deployment Plan. 
 
14.2.4 In the event, the Authority fails to issue the Completion Certificate and the notice for deficiency 
in respect of Buses for which Completion Certificate is withheld under Clause 14.2.2, then the 
COD for the said Lot of Buses will be deemed (“Deemed Lot COD’) to have been achieved on 
the 7th day after receipt of the notice of the Operator towards readiness for operations for the 
concerned Lot of Buses.  
 
14.3   Damages for delay  
  
If COD does not occur prior to the 91st (ninety first) day after the Scheduled Maintenance 
Depot Completion Date for the last Maintenance Depot handed over by the Authority pursuant 
to Clause 10.2.5, as the same may be extended in accordance with the terms of this Agreement 
(such date, the “Scheduled COD”), for reasons not directly attributable to a Delay Event, the 
Operator shall pay Damages to the Authority calculated at the rate of 0.1% (zero point one per 
cent) of the amount of Performance Security per bus times the number of buses allocated to 
the specific depot for each day of delay until COD is achieved. Provided however, if the 
Operator is unable to achieve COD on account of a Delay Event, then the Operator shall be 
entitled to a day-for-day extension of the Scheduled COD if and only to the extent that COD 
is, or will be, delayed due to a Delay Event. In this context, the provisions of Clause 12.6 shall 
apply to any extension of the Scheduled COD that is sought by the Operator.   
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

--- Page 201 ---
 
108 
ARTICLE-15 : CHANGE OF SCOPE 
 
   15.1   Change of Scope  
  
15.1.1 The Authority may, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, 
require the provision of upgraded technology or additional works and services in the Buses or 
at the Maintenance Depots, which are not included in the Scope of the Agreement (the 
“Change of Scope”). Any such Change of Scope shall be made in accordance with the 
provisions of this Article 15 and the costs thereof shall be expended by the Operator and 
reimbursed to it by the Authority in accordance with this Article 15.   
  
15.1.2 If the Operator determines at any time that a Change of Scope is necessary for providing safer 
and improved services, it shall by notice in writing require the Authority to consider such 
Change of Scope. The Authority shall, within 30 (thirty) days of receipt of such notice, either 
accept such Change of Scope with modifications, if any, and initiate proceedings in accordance 
with this Article 15 or inform the Operator in writing of its reasons for not accepting such 
Change of Scope, as the case may be.  
 
15.2   Procedure for Change of Scope  
  
15.2.1 In the event that the Authority determines that a Change of Scope is necessary, it shall issue to 
the Operator a notice specifying in reasonable detail the works and services contemplated 
thereunder (the “Change of Scope Notice”).  
  
15.2.2 Upon receipt of a Change of Scope Notice, the Operator shall, with due diligence, provide to 
the Authority such information as is necessary, together with preliminary Documentation in 
support of:  
  
(a) the impact, if any, which the Change of Scope is likely to have on the time required 
for completing the Fit Out Works and the Delivery Schedule, if the Change of Scope 
is required to be carried prior to COD; and  
(b) the options for implementing the proposed Change of Scope and the effect, if any, each 
such option would have on the costs and time thereof, including a detailed breakdown 
by work classifications specifying the material and labour costs calculated in 
accordance with Good Industry Practice. 
  
15.2.3 Upon receipt of information set forth in Clause 15.2.2, if the Authority decides to proceed with 
the Change of Scope, it shall convey its preferred option to the Operator, and the Parties shall 
thereupon make good faith efforts to agree upon the time and costs for implementation thereof. 
Upon reaching an agreement, the Authority shall issue an order (the “Change of Scope 
Order”) requiring the Operator to proceed with the performance thereof. In the event that the 
Parties are unable to agree, the Authority may, by issuing a Change of Scope Order, require the 

--- Page 202 ---
 
109 
Operator to proceed with the performance thereof pending resolution of the Dispute in 
accordance with the Dispute Resolution Procedure.  
  
15.2.4 The provisions of this Agreement, insofar as they relate to Tests, shall apply mutatis mutandis 
to any modifications in the Buses undertaken by the Operator under this Article 15.  
 
15.3 Payment for Change of Scope  
  
15.3.1 Unless otherwise mutually agreed by the Parties, within 15 (fifteen) days of issuing a Change 
of Scope Order, the Authority shall make a part payment to the Operator of a sum equal to 20% 
(twenty per cent) of the cost of Change of Scope as determined pursuant to Clause 15.2  upon 
the submission by the Operator of a bank guarantee for an equivalent amount, which bank 
guarantee shall be valid for a period of 180 (one hundred and eighty) days, substantially in the 
form specified in Schedule-D. To the extent that the work under the Change of Scope Order is 
not completed within a period of 180 days from the date of the Change of Scope Order, the 
Operator shall procure an extension of the validity of the bank guarantee.   
 
15.3.2 The Operator shall, after commencement of work, present to the Authority bills for payment in 
respect of the works and services in progress or completed works and services, as the case may 
be, supported by such Documentation as is reasonably sufficient for the Authority to determine 
the accuracy thereof. Within 30 (thirty) days of receipt of such bills, the Authority shall disburse 
to the Operator such amounts and after making a proportionate deduction for the advance 
payment made hereunder. In the event of any Dispute, final adjustments thereto shall be made 
under and in accordance with the Dispute Resolution Procedure.  
  
15.3.3 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Clause 15.3.1 and 15.3.2, all costs 
arising out of any Change of Scope Order, other than those agreed as a part of the Change of 
Scope Order, shall be borne by the Operator.   
 
15.4 Restrictions on certain works  
  
15.4.1 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Article 15, the Authority shall not 
require the Operator to undertake any works or services if such works or services are likely to 
delay the procurement and deployment of the Buses in accordance with the requirements of 
this Agreement; provided that in the event that the Authority considers such works or services 
to be essential, it may issue a Change of Scope Order, subject to the condition that the works 
forming part of or affected by such Change of Scope Order shall not be taken into account for 
purposes of determining completion of the Maintenance Depot.  
  
15.4.2 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Article 15, the cumulative costs 
relating to all Change of Scope Orders for provision of works and services shall not exceed 5% 
(five percent) of the Total Project Cost during the Contract Period.  
 

--- Page 203 ---
 
110 
15.4.3 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, unless the Parties agree otherwise, the Authority 
shall not require the Operator to undertake any Change of Scope which involves upgradation 
of batteries used in the Buses due to technological advancements in battery chemistry.   
ARTICLE-16 : OPERATION OF BUSES 
 
 16.1 Operations of Buses  
 
16.1.1 The Operator shall make available and Operate and Maintain the Buses in accordance with 
the provisions of this Agreement, including without limitation, the Deployment Plan, and 
shall comply with the operation and maintenance requirements as provided in Schedule-I of 
this Agreement.  
 
16.1.2 The Operator shall be fully responsible for ensuring the safety and security of the Buses at all 
times, including during operations and while the Buses are at the Maintenance Depots. In the 
event the Operator fails to ensure the security of the Buses and there is any theft of or damage 
to the Bus or any component of the Bus including but not limited to any component, spare 
parts, hardware, software, instruments etc., the Operator shall, as soon as is reasonably 
practical, repair or replace, as the case may be, such Bus or Bus component, spare, parts, 
hardware, software, instrument(s) etc. of the same or equivalent quality and specification, 
after giving prior written notice to the Authority.  
 
16.1.3 Upon successful completion of the contract period, the operator retains the ownership 
of the buses under the Concession agreement and the Authority shall claim no right to transfer 
of ownership of such buses. Upon the handover of the Maintenance Depots from the Operator 
to the Authority pursuant to Clause 24.1.1, all equipment, machinery, building, structures, 
hardware, software licenses and other assets comprising the Maintenance Depots (including the 
Charging Infrastructure and opportunity Charging Stations, if any)) shall vest in the Authority 
without any Encumbrance.  
 
16.2 Maintenance Depots  
  
16.2.1 The Operator shall use the Maintenance Depots, only for the purposes of the Operations and 
Maintenance of the Buses and any other activity specified in this Agreement.   
  
16.2.2 The Operator shall ensure that the Maintenance Depots are adequately staffed with skilled 
personnel, equipped with requisite equipment, plant and machinery and stocked with 
Consumables, so as to ensure compliance with the Operations and Maintenance standards 
provided in this Agreement.  
  
16.3 Operation Manual  
 
16.3.1 The Operator shall prepare an operation manual (the “Operation Manual”) for the operation 
of Buses in conformity with Good Industry Practice and the provisions of this Article 16. The 
Operator shall provide 10 (ten) copies of a provisional operation manual (the “Provisional 
Operation Manual”) to the Authority no later than the date on which the Prototype is 

--- Page 204 ---
 
111 
delivered pursuant to Clause 13.6. The Authority may review the Provisional Operation 
Manual and convey its comments to the Operator within a period of 15 (fifteen) days from 
the date of receipt thereof. The Operator shall revise the Provisional Operation Manual, as 
may be necessary, and provide 50 (Fifty) copies of the Operation Manual, accompanied by 
an electronic copy thereof, no later than the 15 (fifteen) days from the date on which it 
receives any comments from the Authority. The Operation Manual shall be revised and 
updated once every year and the provisions of this Clause 16.3 shall apply, mutatis mutandis, 
to such revision. For the avoidance of doubt, the Authority and the Operator expressly agree 
that until the Operation Manual is provided hereunder, the Provisional Operation Manual 
shall apply. 
 
16.3.2 The Operation Manual shall include: 
 
(a) instructions to operating staff for operation of the Bus;  
(b) instructions for troubleshooting the Buses, including any software 
incorporated in the Buses;  
(c) dos and don’ts for operating staff;  
(d) safety precautions to be taken by the operating staff;  
(e) rating and layout of equipment;  
(f) operating limits of installed systems; and  
(g) control and safety features of the Buses.   
   
16.4 Routes and Schedules 
 
16.4.1 The Parties agree that the Authority shall have the exclusive right to determine routes, 
frequency and schedule of the Buses as part of Deployment Plan throughout the Contract 
Period. The Authority shall provide the routes to the Operator for operation of the Buses as 
specified in Schedule-J (the “Deployment Plan”). All Operational Routes will be such that 
their origin, destination and opportunity charging location is one or more Maintenance Depots 
allocated to the Operator as per Schedule-A.  
 
16.4.2 The Authority shall be required to consult with the Operator in case it carries out a change to 
any Operational Route, provided the Authority shall have no obligation to accept or be bound 
by any suggestions made by the Operator as part of such consultation. Notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary, the Authority agrees that any revised Operational Route shall only 
have an origin, final destination and opportunity charging location at one of the Maintenance 
Depots or an Opportunity Charging Station allocated to the Operator as per Schedule-A.  The 
Operator shall only ply Buses on the Operational Routes, unless directed otherwise by the 
Authority. For the avoidance of doubt, it is clarified that the Authority may amend the 
Operational Routes by providing at least 5 (five) days prior notice to the Operator under and in 
accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. Provided further that if the Authority 
changes any Operational Routes pursuant to this Clause 16.4.2, there shall be no reduction in 
the Yearly Assured Bus Kilometers. 

--- Page 205 ---
 
112 
 
16.4.3 Subject to the requirements set out in Clause 16.4.2 and this Clause 16.4.3, the Authority may 
change an Operational Route any number of times. However, the Authority shall not change 
any Operational Route (involving a change of the origin, destination or opportunity charging 
locations) more than [] times in a Contract Year per Bus to ensure operational efficiencies.  
 
16.4.4 Subject to Clause 16.4.3, the Authority may, after providing notice to the Operator, change the 
Operational Route(s)/ frequency/ schedule of the Buses due to any reason whatsoever including 
but not limited to passenger feedback, special circumstances, festivals and seasonal 
requirements. In case the Authority makes any such change(s), it shall notify the Operator in 
writing 5 (five) days prior to required implementation of such change. Provided however, that 
any given time during the Contract Period, all Operational Routes must have an origin, 
destination and opportunity charging location at one of the Maintenance Depots as per 
Schedule-A.   
  
16.4.5 Unless directed by the Authority, the Operator shall maintain the frequency of the Buses as 
specified in the Deployment Plan.  
  
16.4.6 The actual hours of operations for each Bus in a day shall be specified by the Authority in the 
Deployment Plan. The Parties agree that the hours of operation may be segregated into peak 
hours and off-peak hours of operation.  
  
16.4.7 In the event there is a need for change in the Operational Route of a Bus, the Operator shall 
inform the control centre established by the Authority for monitoring of all activities (“Control 
Centre”) and the same shall be tallied with the change in route length measured by the 
Intelligent Transit Management Systems (“ITMS”) installed by the Operator  or the odometer 
reading at the end point of the route and the distance so measured shall be reckoned for the 
purpose of making payment to the Operator. 
 
16.4.8 Notwithstanding anything contained in Clause 16.4, if the Authority wishes to deploy a Bus on 
any route which requires the Bus to undergo opportunity charging at a location that is not a 
Maintenance Depot as per Schedule-A (“Opportunity Charging Stations”), then the 
Authority shall, at its cost, be responsible for procuring and providing to the Operator:  
 
(a) vacant and unencumbered possession of land and right of way to such location on 
which the Operator will be required to install the charging infrastructure;  
 
(b) an electricity connection to such location (at the available HT metering level, which 
for the avoidance of doubt may be a 11/22/33 kV connection); and 
 
(c) any and all Applicable Permits that might be required for installing and operating the 
charging infrastructure at such location. 
 

--- Page 206 ---
 
113 
Any deployment of Buses undertaken pursuant to this Clause 16.4.8, as well as payment of the 
cost of any additional charging infrastructure installed by the Operator, shall be undertaken by 
way of a Change of Scope in accordance with Article 15.  
16.5 Deployment Plan  
16.5.1 The Authority shall develop a Deployment Plan according to which the Operator shall operate the 
Buses. The parameters to be included in the Deployment Plan are set out in Schedule-J and shall 
include:  
i. details of the Operational Routes;  
ii. schedules of the Buses (including description of Bus Stops); and  
iii. frequency and schedule providing Bus headways, based on-peak and off-peak 
hours, (the “Deployment Plan”).  
  
16.5.2 A Deployment Plan shall be submitted to the Operator in accordance with the timelines set out in 
Clause 4.1.2. Within 15 (fifteen) days from the date of submission of the Deployment Plan by the 
Authority, the Operator shall review and provide comments, if any, on the draft Deployment Plan. 
The Parties expressly agree and acknowledge that any comments provided by the Operator on the 
Deployment Plan shall be solely from the perspective of ensuring compliance with the terms of 
this Agreement. The Authority may, in its sole discretion, incorporate any of the Operator’s 
comments and submit a revised Deployment Plan within 15 (fifteen) days from the date on which 
it receives comments from the Operator. Any dispute between the Parties on the Deployment Plan 
shall be settled in accordance with the Dispute Resolution Procedure. 
 
16.5.3 The Operator shall operate the Buses in accordance with the Deployment Plan finalised pursuant 
to Clause 16.5.2 and shall at all times ensure that the required routes and frequency of Buses is 
maintained as specified under the Deployment Plan or as per the instructions of the Authority 
issued from time to time.  
  
16.5.4 The Operator shall ply the Buses in accordance with the Deployment Plan.  
 
16.5.5 The Authority reserves the right to make changes to the Deployment Plan from time to time with 
prior notification, of at least 5 (five) days, of such change to the Operator. The Parties agree that 
changes to the Deployment Plan by the Authority shall not have an effect of exceeding 20% 
(twenty percent) of the Total Scheduled Bus Kilometers as mentioned in the Deployment Plan. 
 
16.5.6 If, pursuant to any revisions in the Deployment Plan under Clause 16.5.5, the Operator is of the 
view that it will be unable to meet any of the Key Performance Indicators set out in Article 20, it 
shall issue a notice to the Authority setting out in detail its reasons. The Operator shall provide all 
necessary documentation and data in support of its claim. Upon such a notice being issued, the 
Parties shall discuss in good faith with a view to agreeing on such revisions to the Deployment 
Plan as may be necessary while ensuring that the Operator is not unduly prevented from achieving 
the Key Performance Indicators. Any dispute between the Parties on any revisions to the 
Deployment Plan shall be settled in accordance with the Dispute Resolution Procedure. 
  

--- Page 207 ---
 
114 
16.5.7 If, based on the operations of the Buses and the data collected from the ITS, there are delays in 
completing Bus trips for a continuous period of 1 (one) month, and such delays are not a result of 
a breach by the Operator of its obligations under this Agreement, the Authority may, in its sole 
discretion, review and revise the Deployment Plan with a view making such changes as may be 
required in order to eliminate such delays.  
  
16.5.8 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Parties agree that any amendment 
to the Operational Routes or the Deployment Plan shall not reduce the Annual Assured Bus 
Kilometers and the Operator shall continue to be paid the Fee calculated in accordance with Article 
22.  
 
16.6 Incidents En-Route  
  
16.6.1 In case of a Breakdown of a Bus during normal course of Operations, the Operator shall 
immediately inform the Control Centre and its maintenance team whereupon the Operator shall 
ensure speedy tow-away of the affected Bus within 1 (one) hour of the Breakdown. The Operator 
shall as soon as is reasonable practicable, provide a replacement Bus to complete the route after 
such breakdown, or shall transfer all (or as many as capacity permits) Users to the next Bus plying 
on the same Operational Route in order to minimise inconvenience to the Users, failing which it 
will be deemed as an Operator Default and the Operator shall be liable to pay Damages of 20 kms 
deduction per instance. In case bus is not repaired or towed away from the break down spot within 
a period of 1 (one) hour, Operator shall be liable to pay additional damages of deduction of 20 
kms per each additional hour.  
 
16.6.2 The Operator shall ensure regular communication with Buses throughout the Operation Period by 
making use of relevant technology as specified in this Agreement, more specifically provided in 
Clause 19.7.  
 
16.6.3 In an unforeseen event involving unruly behaviour by passengers or vandalism in or involving the 
Bus, the Operator shall forthwith intimate the Authority. If the Bus in question is not in a condition 
to complete the Operational Route or go back to the Bus Depot, then the Operator shall arrange to 
tow-away such Bus within 1 (one) to 3 (three) hours of such occurrence, failing which Operator 
shall be liable to pay Damages of 20 kms deduction for each such incident. The Operator shall, on 
a best effort basis provide a replacement Bus to complete the route after such incident or shall 
transfer all (or as many as capacity permits) Users to the next Bus plying on the same Operational 
Route in order to minimize inconvenience to the Users.  
16.6.4 The Operator shall make provisions for the adequate availability of first aid kits on the Buses or 
at the Maintenance Depots for assisting any persons or Users in need of first aid on-site and shall 
also co-ordinate with the relevant Government Instrumentalities including but not limited to the 
police to ensure timely medical help to any injured Users.  
 

--- Page 208 ---
 
115 
16.6.5 The Operator shall extend all cooperation requested by the Authority including but not limited to 
filing complaints to the police and or any other investigation undertaken in relation to any incidents 
on the Buses.  
 
16.7 Advertising on Buses and Maintenance Depots  
 
16.7.1 Subject to Applicable Law, the Authority may display advertisements on the Buses and at the 
Maintenance Depot. Other than to the extent set out in this Agreement, the Operator shall have 
no right to display any advertisement on the Buses or the Maintenance Depots. 
16.7.2 The Authority shall ensure that the display of any advertisements on the Buses and 
Maintenance Depot does not interfere in any way with the performance by the Operator of its 
obligations under this Agreement.  
 
16.7.3 The Authority shall at all times ensure that no part of the Buses including but not limited to the 
external and internal colour, body of the Buses or any part of the Maintenance Depots are 
damaged due to the placement of any advertisements or any other form of display material. 
The Authority shall ensure that the advertisements are displayed in such a manner that it does 
not obstruct partially or completely, the visibility from inside and outside of the Buses. If any 
damage is caused to the Buses or the Maintenance Depots directly as a result of the placement 
of any advertisements by the Authority, the Authority shall be liable to reimburse the Operator 
all costs incurred by the Operator in rectifying such damage.  
  
16.7.4 Placement of Advertisement  
(a) The Authority may place the advertisement inside and outside the Buses at designated 
slots described, such that it does not obstruct any safety, advisory or other mandatory 
information.  
(b) The Authority may place the advertisement on the boundary wall of the Maintenance 
Depots or any other slot identified by the Authority.  
 
16.7.5  The Authority shall be entitled to appropriate the entire revenue generated from the display of 
advertisements on the Buses and at the Maintenance Depots.  
  
16.8 User Fare   
 
16.8.1 On and from the Lot COD of the first Lot of Buses till the Transfer Date, the Authority or a 
third party nominated by the Authority (“Authority Nominated Personnel”) shall have the 
right to demand, collect and appropriate User Fare from the Users in accordance with this 
Agreement.  
 

--- Page 209 ---
 
116 
16.8.2 The Authority or Authority Nominated Personnel shall, in accordance with Clause 16.8.1 
above, provide conductors for collection of the User Fare, every day prior to commencement 
of operations for the day, at the Maintenance Depot and on the time decided by the Authority. 
In the event the conductor does not report on time (with a relaxation of up to 5 minutes) or 
remains absent, the Operator shall promptly inform the Authority’s Representative, who shall 
provide a replacement promptly.  
 
16.8.3 The Operator acknowledges and agrees that upon payment of User Fare to the Authority or the 
Authority Nominated Personnel, any User shall be entitled to use the Buses and the Operator 
shall not place, or cause to be placed, any restriction on such use, except to the extent specified 
in any Applicable Law, Applicable Permits or the provisions of this Agreement. It is clarified 
that the Authority or Authority Nominated Personnel shall collect User Fare from passengers 
prior to boarding the Bus and the Operator shall have the right to refuse entry to passengers 
refusing payment of the User Fare.  
 
16.8.4 The Operator and its employees shall always extend courtesy while interacting with public.  

--- Page 210 ---
 
117 
ARTICLE-17 : MAINTENANCE OF BUSES 
 
 17.1  Maintenance Obligations  
   
17.1.1 The Operator shall maintain all Buses in accordance with the provisions of this Article 17, the 
Specifications and Standards, the Maintenance Manual and the Maintenance Requirements  
(the “Maintenance Obligations”).   
  
17.1.2 The Parties agree that for discharging the Maintenance Obligations hereunder, the Operator 
shall provide its staff, movable equipment, Spares and Consumables, workshop, office space 
etc. The Parties further agree that the workshop space to be provided hereunder by the Operator 
for discharging the Maintenance Obligations of the Operator shall be no less than 100 m 
(hundred meters) long and 20 m (twenty meters) wide, within the Maintenance Depot.   
 
17.2 Maintenance Manual  
 
17.2.1 The Operator shall prepare a repair and maintenance manual (the “Maintenance Manual”) for 
the maintenance of Buses in conformity with Good Industry Practice and the provisions of this 
Article 17. The Operator shall provide 10 (ten) copies of a provisional maintenance manual 
(the “Provisional Maintenance Manual”) to the Authority no later than 90 (ninety) days from 
the Appointed Date. The Authority may review the Provisional Maintenance Manual and 
convey its comments to the Operator within a period of 15 (fifteen) days from the date of 
receipt thereof. The Operator shall revise the Provisional Maintenance Manual, as may be 
necessary, and provide to the Authority 100 (Hundred) copies of the Maintenance Manual, 
accompanied by an electronic copy thereof, no later than 30 (thirty) days from the date on 
which it receives comments from the Authority. The Maintenance Manual shall be revised and 
updated once every year and the provisions of this Clause 17.2 shall apply, mutatis mutandis, 
to such revision. For the avoidance of doubt, the Parties expressly agree that until the 
Maintenance Manual is provided hereunder, the Provisional Maintenance Manual shall apply. 
 
17.2.2 The Maintenance Manual shall include details of the periodic intervals at which the Operator 
will perform its Maintenance Obligations on each Bus (“Scheduled Maintenance”). The 
Operator shall ordinarily undertake Scheduled Maintenance at the Maintenance Depots and 
shall ensure that the Maintenance Depots are fully equipped with all equipment, tools, tackles, 
Consumables and Spares required to undertake the Scheduled Maintenance of the Buses.   
   
17.2.3 The Operator shall, at least 15 (fifteen) days prior to the date of any Scheduled Maintenance 
issue a notice to the Authority identifying the Buses that will undergo such Scheduled 
Maintenance. Such notice shall also specify the estimated time required for such Scheduled 
Maintenance and the estimated date on which such Buses will be made available for operations.  
 
17.2.4 Any maintenance or repair of a Bus, not being Scheduled Maintenance, and arising out of any 
reason including Breakdown, unsatisfactory performance, defects, deficiencies, accident, 
vandalism, natural calamity, fire, riots, arson or negligence, shall be undertaken by the Operator 
as unscheduled maintenance (the “Unscheduled Maintenance”). The Parties expressly agree 
that any and all Unscheduled Maintenance shall be undertaken promptly to procure efficient, 

--- Page 211 ---
 
118 
safe and reliable operation of the relevant Bus. Any and all Unscheduled Maintenance shall 
form part of the Maintenance Obligations and shall be undertaken by the Operator at its own 
cost and expense.  
 
17.2.5 The Operator shall, within 3 (three) days of the arrival of a Bus at a Maintenance Depot for 
Unscheduled Maintenance arising out of the reasons specified in Clause 17.2.4, furnish to the 
Authority in reasonable detail the particulars of defects, deficiencies or damages.  
   
17.3 Spares and Consumables  
 
17.3.1 During the Contract Period, the Operator shall, at its own cost and expense, replace and install 
materials which get consumed or wear out beyond serviceable limits in the normal course of 
operation of a Bus, including tyres, tubes, oils, lubricants, brake blocks and pads, rubber parts 
and hoses, fuses, light fittings, bulbs, seats, curtains, filters, look out glass, bearings and 
insulators (the “Consumables”). Save and except as provided in this Agreement, the 
Consumables shall be replaced or installed, as the case may be, by the Operator when a Bus is 
brought to a Maintenance Depot in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.   
 
17.3.2 During the Maintenance Period, the Operator shall, at its own cost and expense, replace any 
part or equipment of a Bus which may be defective, damaged or worn out, by a substitute 
thereof (the “Spares”) for the efficient Operation and Maintenance of a Bus.  
 
17.3.3 The Parties expressly agree that the Operator shall, supply and install doors, window panes, 
seats, axle-boxes, brake components, wind shield, and under-transmission piping/cabling at its 
own cost and expense; provided, however, that if such supply and installation have arisen on 
account of negligence of Authority staff, accidents, vandalism, arson, riots or natural 
calamities, the Authority shall be liable for the costs and expenses incurred by the Operator as 
a result less any amount recovered from the Insurance Cover maintained by the Operator.   
 
17.3.4 The Operator shall, at its cost, maintain a sufficient inventory of Consumables and Spares for 
timely repair and maintenance of Buses in conformity with its Maintenance Obligations. The 
operator shall submit report on list of spares and consumables being maintained at each depot 
to Authority on monthly basis.  
 
17.4 Maintenance Requirements  
  
The Operator shall procure that at all times during the Contract Period, each and every Bus 
conforms to the maintenance requirements set forth in Schedule-I (the “Operation and 
Maintenance Requirements”).  
  

--- Page 212 ---
 
119 
17.5 Damages for breach of Maintenance Obligations  
  
17.5.1 In the event that the Operator fails to repair or rectify any defect or deficiency in a Bus, as set 
forth in the Maintenance Requirements and within the period specified therein, it shall be 
deemed to be in breach of this Agreement and the Authority shall be entitled to recover 
Damages, to be calculated and paid for each day of delay until the breach is cured, at the rate 
of INR 2,500 per bus. Recovery of such Damages shall be without prejudice to the rights of 
the Authority under this Agreement, including the right of Termination thereof.   
  
17.5.2 The Damages set forth in Clause 17.5.1 may be assessed and specified forthwith by the 
Authority; provided that the Authority may, in its discretion, demand a smaller sum as 
Damages, if in its opinion, the breach has been cured promptly and the Operator is otherwise 
in compliance with its Maintenance Obligations. The Operator shall pay such Damages 
forthwith and, in the event, that it contests such Damages, the Dispute Resolution Procedure 
shall apply.  
  
17.6 Demobilisation due to Emergency  
  
17.6.1 If in the reasonable opinion of the Authority, there exists an Emergency which warrants the 
demobilisation of a Bus, the Authority shall be entitled to demobilise the Bus for so long as 
such Emergency and the consequences thereof warrant; provided that such demobilization and 
particulars thereof shall be notified by the Authority to the Operator without any delay, and the 
Operator shall diligently carry out and abide by any reasonable directions that the Authority 
may give for dealing with such Emergency.  
  
17.6.2 The Operator shall re-mobilise the Bus as quickly as practicable after the circumstances leading 
to its demobilisation have ceased to exist or have so abated as to enable the Operator to re-
mobilise the Bus and shall notify the Authority of the same without any delay. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the demobilisation of any Bus pursuant to this Clause 17.6 shall not affect 
the Annual Assured Bus Kilometers and the Authority shall continue to pay the Fee to the 
Operator in accordance with Article 22.  
 
17.7 Authority’s right to take remedial measures  
  
In the event the Operator does not maintain and/or repair the Bus in conformity with the 
provisions of this Agreement and the Maintenance Manual, and fails to commence remedial 
works within 15 (fifteen) days of receipt of a notice in this regard from the Authority, the 
Authority shall, without prejudice to its rights under this Agreement including Termination 
thereof, be entitled to undertake such remedial measures at the risk and cost of the Operator, 
and to recover its cost from the Operator. In addition to recovery of the aforesaid cost, a sum 
equal to 20% (twenty per cent) of such cost shall be paid by the Operator to the Authority as 
Damages. The Parties agree that the Authority shall not in any manner be liable for any damage 
to, or deterioration in, a Bus occurring on account of the remedial measures taken hereunder.  

--- Page 213 ---
 
120 
  
17.8 Overriding powers of the Authority  
 
17.8.1 If in the reasonable opinion of the Authority, the Operator is in material breach of its 
obligations under this Agreement and, in particular, the Maintenance Obligations, and such 
breach is causing or is likely to cause material hardship to the Users or render the use of a Bus 
unsafe for operation, the Authority may, without prejudice to any of its rights under this 
Agreement, by notice, require the Operator to take reasonable measures immediately for 
rectifying or removing such hardship or unsafe condition, as the case may be.  
  
17.8.2 In the event that the Operator, upon notice under the provisions of this Clause 17.8, fails to 
rectify or remove any hardship or unsafe condition affecting the operation of any Bus, within 
15 (fifteen) days from the date of the notice, the Authority may exercise overriding powers 
under this Clause 17.8 and take over the performance of any or all the obligations of the 
Operator to the extent deemed necessary by it for rectifying or removing such hardship or 
unsafe situation; provided that the exercise of such overriding powers by the Authority shall 
be of no greater scope and of no longer duration than is reasonably required hereunder; 
provided further that for any costs and expenses incurred by the Authority in discharge of such 
obligations, the Authority shall be entitled to recover them from the Operator in accordance 
with the provisions of Clause 17.7 along with the Damages specified therein.   
  
17.8.3 In the event of a national emergency, adverse weather conditions, civil commotion or any such 
other event, the Authority may take over the performance of any or all the rights or obligations 
of the Operator to the extent deemed necessary by it, and exercise such control over the Buses 
and Maintenance Depots or give such directions to the Operator as may be deemed necessary; 
provided that the exercise of such overriding powers by the Authority shall be of no greater 
scope and of no longer duration than is reasonably required in the circumstances which caused 
the exercise of such overriding power by the Authority. It is agreed that the Operator shall 
comply with such instructions as the Authority may issue in pursuance of the provisions of this 
Clause 17.8, and shall provide assistance and cooperation to the Authority, on a best effort 
basis, for performance of its obligations hereunder.  
 
17.8.4 The Parties agree that if the Authority takes over the performance of any or all the rights or 
obligations of the Operator pursuant to Clauses 17.8.1, 17.8.2 or 17.8.3, then:  
 
(a) the period during which the Authority has taken over the operation of the Buses shall 
be excluded for determining compliance with the Key Performance Indicators in 
accordance with Article 20; 
 
(b) the Authority shall continue to pay the Operator for the Annual Assured Bus 
Kilometres in accordance with Clause 22.4 for the period during which the Authority 
has taken over the operation of the Buses; and 
 
(c) the Authority shall be liable for any damage caused to the Buses during the period in 
which it has taken over the operations of the Buses.     

--- Page 214 ---
 
121 
17.9 Restoration of loss or damage to the Buses  
  
Save and except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, in the event that a Bus or 
any part thereof suffers any loss or damage during the Contract Period from any cause 
whatsoever, the Operator shall, at its cost and expense, rectify and remedy such loss or damage 
forthwith so that the Bus conforms to the provisions of this Agreement.  
  
 
17.10 Modifications to the Buses  
  
The Operator shall not carry out any material modifications to a Bus save and except where 
such modifications are necessary for the Bus to operate in conformity with the Specifications 
and Standards, Maintenance Obligations, Good Industry Practice and Applicable Laws; 
provided that the Operator shall notify the Authority of the proposed modifications along with 
particulars thereof at least 15 (fifteen) days before commencing work on such modifications 
and shall reasonably consider any suggestions that the Authority may make within 15 (fifteen) 
days of receiving the Operator’s proposal. For the avoidance of doubt, all modifications made 
hereunder shall comply with the Specifications and Standards, Applicable Laws, Good 
Industry Practice and the provisions of this Agreement.  
  
17.11 Operation Assistance   
  
17.11.1 The Operator shall operate the Buses in accordance with the Operation Manual, 
Applicable Laws, Good Industry Practice and the provisions of this Agreement.  
  
17.11.2 The Operator shall ensure that its staff are familiar and well versed with the 
Operation Manual.  
  
17.11.3 The Operator shall bear the cost of electricity, including over and above the Allowed 
Energy Consumption, in accordance with Schedule-S. 
 
17.12 Excuse from performance of obligations  
 
The Operator shall not be considered in breach of its obligations under this Agreement in 
connection with the Operations and Maintenance of the Buses and Maintenance Depots if it is 
unable to perform its obligations on account of any of the following:  
 
(a) an event of Force Majeure;   
(b) measures taken to ensure the safe operation of Buses, except when unsafe conditions 
occurred because of failure of the Operator to perform its obligations under this 
Agreement; or  
(c) a breach by the Authority of its obligations under this Agreement and which directly 
affects the Operator’s ability to comply with any of its obligations; 

--- Page 215 ---
 
122 
(d) delay by the Authority in handing over the Maintenance Depots by the Scheduled 
Maintenance Depot Handover Dates in accordance with the terms of this Agreement; 
(e) any road accidents which prevent the Operator from complying with the requirements 
of this Agreement, including the Key Performance Indicators, provided that the 
Operator has complied with the notice requirements set out in Clause 13.11.4 and that 
such accidents were not caused due to reasons attributable to the Operator; 
(f) grid failures, power outages or inadequate power supply to the extent it affects the 
Operator’s ability to adequately charge the Buses in accordance with the requirements 
prescribed in the Operations Manual; 
(g) blockade on any Operational Route caused by any Government Instrumentality or 
other reasons not attributable to the Operator;  
(h) compliance with a request from the Authority or the directions of any Government 
Instrumentality.  
 
Provided that, any such inability to comply with its obligations shall be notified by the Operator 
to the Authority without any delay. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Operator shall keep 
every unaffected Bus available for operations. Further, the Operator shall, in the event that it 
is prevented from performing any time-bound obligation in connection with the Operations 
and Maintenance of the Buses and Maintenance Depots on account of any of the events set out 
in this Clause 17.12, receive an extension of time for the performance of such obligation with 
the period of such extension being equal to the period during which any of the events set out 
in this Clause 17.12 subsist.   
  
 
17.13 Warranties for defects and deficiencies  
  
17.13.1 The Operator warrants that:   
  
(a) all equipment, supplies, plant and machinery at the Maintenance Depots as well as 
components, parts and systems forming part of a complete Bus including the Spares 
and Consumables shall be new and of utility-grade quality and in full conformity with 
the Specifications and Standards, Designs and Drawings, Applicable Permits, 
Applicable Laws and the other requirements of the Agreement, of suitable quality and 
fit for the purpose for which they are intended and be free from defects, deficiencies 
and defective workmanship;   
 
(b) all Buses shall be free from defects, shall comply with all Applicable Laws and Good 
Industry Practice and will be capable of operating in the manner intended and 
contemplated in the Specifications and Standards, Designs and Drawings, Applicable 
Permits, Applicable Laws and the Agreement;   
 
(c) the manufacturing, assembly and supply of the Buses shall be performed in accordance 
with the standards of professional care, skill, diligence and competence generally 
accepted in the international independent manufacturing industry applicable to 
engineering and manufacturing and project management practices for manufacturing 

--- Page 216 ---
 
123 
projects of similar size and type as the Project, when operated in accordance with Good 
Industry Practice; and  
(d) the Buses shall be capable of performing and would continue to perform as per this 
Agreement.  
 
17.14 Maintenance Depots  
  
17.14.1 For discharging its Maintenance Obligations under and in accordance with the provisions of 
this Agreement, the Operator shall also operate and maintain the Maintenance Depots in 
accordance with the Specifications and Standards, Good Industry Practices and the provisions 
of this Agreement.  
  
17.14.2 Subject to adequate space being made available at the Maintenance Depots by the Authority, 
the Maintenance Depots shall have adequate repair and maintenance facilities for the entire 
fleet of Buses as well as parking facility for the entire fleet of Buses deployed at such depot.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   

--- Page 217 ---
 
124 
ARTICLE-18 : SAFETY REQUIREMENTS 
 
18.1 Safety Requirements   
  
The Operator shall develop, implement and administer a safety programme for providing a safe 
environment on or about the Buses and Maintenance Depots, and shall comply with the safety 
requirements set forth in this Article 18 and Schedule-K (the “Safety Requirements”).  
  
18.2 Guiding principles  
  
18.2.1 Safety Requirements aim at minimising threat of injuries, loss of human life and damage to 
property resulting from accidents on account of the Buses or in the Maintenance Depots, 
irrespective of the person(s) at fault.  
  
18.2.2 Safety Requirements shall apply to all phases of construction, operation and maintenance of 
the Project with emphasis on identification of factors associated with accidents, consideration 
of the same and implementation of appropriate remedial measures.   
  
18.3 Obligations of the Operator  
  
18.3.1 The Operator shall abide by the following to ensure safety of the Buses and Maintenance    
Depots, human life and property:  
 
(a) instructions issued by the Authority;  
(b) Applicable Laws and Applicable Permits;  
(c) provisions of this Agreement;  
(d) relevant standards/guidelines contained in internationally accepted codes; and   
(e) Good Industry Practice.    
(f) Develop a Standard Operating Procedure (including for events involving thermal 
incidents) and train the relevant staff on the Standard Operating Procedure  
(g) Conducting annual safety audit and submission of the report to the Authority 
  
18.3.2  The Operator shall impart safety training to its employees and shall at all times be responsible 
for observance of safety procedures by its staff, Contractors and agents.   
  
18.3.3  The Operator shall be responsible for undertaking all the measures under its control to ensure 
safe operation of Buses and the safety and security of the Maintenance Depots.   
  
18.3.4  The Operator agrees that the Authority shall be entitled to inspect any Bus or Maintenance 
Depot to verify adherence to Safety Requirements and the Operator shall be obliged to facilitate 
such inspection and implement the corrective measures identified in such inspection.  

--- Page 218 ---
 
125 
18.4 Safety measures during Fit Out Works   
  
The Operator shall, while undertaking the Fit Out Works at the Maintenance Depots, provide 
an environment for procuring the safety of human life and property in accordance with 
Applicable Laws and Good Industry Practice.   
 
18.5 Annual Safety Report   
  
18.5.1    The Operator shall submit to the Authority before the 31st (thirty first) May of each Accounting 
Year, an annual report in 10 (ten) copies containing, without limitation, a detailed listing and 
analysis of all accidents occurring on account of the operation of the Buses or in the 
Maintenance Depots during the preceding Accounting Year and the measures taken by the 
Operator for averting or minimizing such accidents in the future (“Annual Safety Report”).   
  
18.5.2   Once in every Accounting Year, a safety audit shall be carried out by the Authority. It shall 
review and analyse the Annual Safety Report and accident data of the preceding Accounting 
Year and undertake an inspection of the Buses and Maintenance Depots. The Authority shall 
provide a safety report recommending specific improvements, if any, required to be made in 
the Buses and Maintenance Depots. Such recommendations shall be implemented by the 
Operator in accordance with Safety Requirements, Specifications and Standards and 
Applicable Laws.   
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

--- Page 219 ---
 
126 
ARTICLE-19 : MONITORING OF OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
 
19.1  Monthly Status Reports  
  
19.1.1 During the Contract Period, the Operator shall, no later than 7 (seven) days after the end of 
each month, furnish to the Authority a monthly report stating in reasonable detail the 
maintenance services performed by the Operator on the Buses and the defects and deficiencies 
that require rectification (standard format as per schedule X). The report shall also include Key 
Performance Indicators achieved by the Buses, the compliance or otherwise with the 
Maintenance Requirements, Maintenance Manual and Operation Manual, details of any 
breakdowns, claims, challans etc. The Operator shall promptly give such other relevant 
information as may be required by the Authority.   
  
19.1.2 The monthly report specified in Clause 19.1.1 shall also include a summary of the key 
operational hurdles and deliverables expected in the succeeding month along with strategies 
for addressing the same and for otherwise improving the Operator’s operational performance.  
 
19.1.3 The operator shall log all the maintenance activities (Scheduled, Unscheduled) for every Bus 
throughout the Contract Period in maintenance history register which shall be accessible to the 
Authority as and when required. 
 
19.2 Accident Reporting  
  
  The Operator shall, prior to the close of each day, send to the Authority, by facsimile or email, 
a report containing details of any failures, accidents and other unusual occurrences relating to 
the Buses. A weekly and monthly summary of such reports shall also be sent within 3 (three) 
days of the closing of each week and month, as the case may be. For the purposes of this Clause 
19.2, unusual occurrences on a Bus shall include any other troubles or events involving a Bus 
during operations.  
 
19.3 Inspection  
  
The Authority shall be entitled to inspect the Buses and Maintenance Depots after any 
maintenance activities have been carried out by the Operator for evaluating the compliance of 
the Buses and Maintenance Depot with the Maintenance Obligations. Pursuant to any such 
inspections, the Authority shall prepare a report of such inspection (the “Maintenance 
Inspection Report”) stating in reasonable detail the defects or deficiencies, if any, with 
particular reference to the Maintenance Obligations and shall notify the Operator of the same 
for taking remedial measures in accordance with the provisions of Clause 19.5.   
   
  

--- Page 220 ---
 
127 
19.4 Tests  
 
For determining that the Buses are being maintained in conformity with the Maintenance 
Obligations, the Authority may require the Operator to carry out, or cause to be carried out, the 
tests specified by it in accordance with Good Industry Practice. The Operator shall, with due 
diligence, carry out or cause to be carried out all such tests in accordance with the instructions 
of the Authority and furnish the results of such tests to the Authority within 15 (fifteen) days 
of such tests being conducted. One half of the costs incurred on such tests shall be reimbursed 
by the Authority to the Operator. Provided, however, that the Authority shall not bear any costs 
hereunder for and in respect of tests which have failed. Provided that, the date and time of such 
tests shall be mutually discussed and agreed by the Parties keeping in mind the operation hours 
of any such Bus as per the Deployment Plan.   
 
19.5 Remedial measures  
 
19.5.1 The Operator shall repair or rectify the defects or deficiencies, if any, set forth in the 
Maintenance Inspection Report or in the test results referred to in Clause 19.4 and furnish a 
report in respect thereof to the Authority within 7 (Seven) days of receiving the Maintenance 
Inspection Report or the test results, as the case may be.  
  
19.5.2 The Authority shall require the Operator to carry out or cause to be carried out tests, at the cost 
of the Operator, to determine whether the remedial measures have brought the Buses into 
compliance with the Maintenance Obligations and Safety Requirements, and the procedure set 
forth in this Clause 19.5 shall be repeated until the maintenance of Buses conforms to the 
Maintenance Obligations and Safety Requirements. In the event that remedial measures are not 
completed by the Operator in conformity with the provisions of this Agreement, the Authority 
shall be entitled to recover Damages from the Operator at the rate of INR 2,500 per bus times 
the number of buses allocated to the specific depot. 
  
19.6 Responsibility of the Operator  
  
19.6.1 It is expressly agreed between the Authority and the Operator that any inspection carried out 
by the Authority or the submission of any Maintenance Inspection Report by the Authority as 
per the provisions of this Article 19 shall not relieve or absolve the Operator of its obligations 
and liabilities hereunder in any manner whatsoever.  
 
19.6.2 It is further agreed that the Operator shall be solely responsible for adherence to the Key 
Performance Indicators specified in Article 20.   
  

--- Page 221 ---
 
128 
 
19.7 Real Time Data Access  
  
The Operator shall ensure that the Bus deployed has real time data monitoring device in 
accordance with the Standards and Specifications in Schedule- P (“Intelligent Transit 
System”, “ITS”) complete with onboard devices on Buses which enable the Authority to 
monitor the real-time location and status of the Buses. The Operator shall provide the Authority 
access to the raw feed of the ITS. The Operator shall install the ITS to provide the data as per 
the data standards and communication protocols specified in Schedule -P. The Operator shall 
ensure integration of the data feed from ITS devices to the Centralized ITMS Platform. The 
Operator agrees that a failure to comply with its obligations under this Clause 19.7 shall be 
deemed to be an Operator Default.  
  

--- Page 222 ---
 
129 
ARTICLE-20 : KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS 
 
20.1 Key Performance Indicators  
 
Without prejudice to the obligations specified in this Agreement, the Operator shall operate 
and maintain every Bus such that it achieves the performance indicators comprising Reliability, 
Operational Availability, Start Punctuality, Arrival Punctuality, Trip Speed, Frequency, Safety 
and Infractions as specified in this Article 20, (the “Key Performance Indicators”).   
 
20.2 Reliability  
 
20.2.1 The Parties agree that the average reliability of all Buses in the fleet shall be measured on a 
monthly basis in terms of the number of Breakdowns per 10,000 (ten thousand) kilometres 
travelled by the Buses (the “Breakdown Factor”)  
 
20.2.2 Breakdown Factor shall be equal to the quotient of the aggregate number of Breakdowns of all 
Buses multiplied by 10,000 (ten thousand) and divided by the cumulative distance travelled by 
all Buses in that month.  
 
Breakdown Factor (BF) = (total no. of Breakdowns of all buses in a month) x 10,000 
Total bus kms operated in a month 
 
20.2.3 The Operator agrees that the Breakdown Factor for the Buses, determined in accordance with 
Clause 20.2.2, shall be equal to or less than 0.5 (zero decimal five). The Operator agrees that 
for every increase in the Breakdown Factor by 0.1 (zero decimal one) above 0.5, it shall pay 
Damages to the Authority at the rate of 0.1% (zero decimal one) of the Monthly Fees. 
 
 
20.2.4 The Authority agrees that if the Breakdown Factor is less than 0.5 (zero decimal five), then for 
every 0.1 (zero decimal one) decrease in the Breakdown Factor below a factor of 0.5, the 
Authority shall pay to the Operator an incentive equal to 0.05% of the Monthly Fees.      
 
20.3  Operational Availability  
 
20.3.1 After Lot COD of each Lot as per the Delivery Schedule, a Bus shall be deemed to be available 
for operation at all times, save and except for the instances set out in Clause 20.3.2 below. 
 
20.3.2 The Parties agree that the period for which a Bus is deemed to be not available for operation 
shall be as follows: 
 
a) Bus is not available at the scheduled start of shift(s) turnout time as per the Deployment plan. 

--- Page 223 ---
 
130 
b) Bus held up at Maintenance Depot/ workshop for any reason during shift(s) schedule turn 
out time unless such non availability is on account of reason not directly attributable to Operator 
such as Bus damaged due to riots, natural calamities, vandalism, traffic jams. 
 
 
20.3.3 The availability of the Buses shall be calculated on a shift(s) basis by dividing the number of 
Buses available for operations in the start of shift(s) as per the scheduled turn out time (as per 
Clause 20.3.1 and 20.3.2 above) by the total number of Buses contracted by the Authority under 
this Agreement multiplied by 100 (one hundred” (“Availability”).  
 
Availability = Total no. of buses available for operations in the start of shift(s) x 100 
   Total number of buses as per plan 
 
20.3.4 The Operator shall at all times ensure that the Availability of the Buses during each month of 
the Contract Period is equal to 95%” (“Guaranteed Availability”). To ensure this availability:  
 
• operator may maintain requisite number of spare buses (“Additional Buses”) from the date 
of Lot COD for each lot as per the Delivery schedule. 
• Authority should provide additional space for these Additional Buses 
 
20.3.5 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, upon the occurrence of 
any of the events mentioned in Clause 17.12, the Buses affected by such events will be deemed 
to be Available for the duration of the event. 
 
20.3.6 The Operator agrees that for any reduction in the Availability as compared to the Guaranteed 
Availability, it shall pay Damages to the Authority as per the table below: The Damages 
payable by the Operator for a failure to meet the Guaranteed Availability shall be payable 
monthly. 
Damages in case of reduction in Guaranteed Availability 
 
Availability less than 
95% and up 
to 90% 
less than 90% and up to 85% Less than 85% 
Damages payable per non 
available Bus  
50 bus kms/ 
shift/ non 
available Bus 
60 bus kms/ shift/ non 
available Bus  
70 bus kms/ 
shift/ non 
available Bus 
 
20.3.7 The Operator shall make the Buses available at the prescribed locations mentioned in the 
Deployment Plan along with driver about 15 minutes before the scheduled turn out operation 
on all days. 
 
20.3.8 Operator shall ensure refurbishment of Buses after 6 years from the date of COD. 
Refurbishment of buses shall be such that Buses are in best conditions with completion of all 
missing components, proper working of major aggregates/ assemblies/ sub-assemblies, 
replacement of damaged body panels, replacement of cushions of passenger seats, flooring, 
structural members etc. the refurbishment of buses is required to be completed within window 
of 1 year i.e., before competition of seventh year from the date of COD. During the 
refurbishment period relaxation in Guaranteed Availability up to 5% (five percent) is allowed. 
The technical team will inspect the buses before they are put in services after refurbishment of 

--- Page 224 ---
 
131 
the Bus, if the bus is found not refurbished in near to showroom condition, such Bus will not 
be permitted for the operations. 
L 
20. 4     Punctuality  
 
20.4.1   The starting time punctuality of the Buses shall be measured on a monthly  basis in terms of 
the percentage of on-time start of trips (in accordance with the Deployment Plan) to the total 
number of trips operated on a daily basis in the relevant month (“Start Punctuality”). The 
total number of trips where a Bus started late (or did not start) during the month compared to 
the start time as set out in the Deployment Plan will be recorded and subtracted from the total 
number of trips operated in such month to arrive at the number of trips operated that started 
on-time as per the Deployment Plan. 
  
20.4.2  The Operator agrees that the arrival punctuality of the Buses at the end destination of the 
relevant Operational Route shall be measured on a monthly basis in terms of the percentage of 
trips with on-time arrival at the final destination (in accordance with the Deployment Plan) to 
the total number of trips operated on a daily basis in such month (“Arrival Punctuality”).  The 
total number of trips where a Bus arrives late at the final destination during the month will be 
recorded and subtracted from the number of trips operated in such month to arrive at the on-
time arrival trips. 
 
20.4.3  With respect to the Start Punctuality, the Parties agree that the Operator may exercise a 
relaxation up to 5 (five) minutes for the start time of the Bus schedule as set out in the 
Deployment Plan. With respect to the Arrival Punctuality, the Parties agree that the Operator 
may exercise a relaxation up to 10% (ten percent) of the total scheduled trip time as set out in 
the Deployment Plan (subject to a maximum of 15 (fifteen) minutes).  
 
20.4.4  Subject to the provisions of Clause 20.4.3, the Operator agrees that the Start Punctuality 
determined in accordance with Clause 20.4.2 shall be equal to or more than 90% (ninety 
percent) in any month (“Guaranteed Start Punctuality”) and the Arrival Punctuality shall be 
equal to or more than 80% (eighty percent) in any month (“Guaranteed Arrival Punctuality”) 
respectively. 
 
20.4.5 The Operator agrees that for every 1% reduction in the Start Punctuality or the Arrival 
Punctuality in any month, as the case may be, as compared to the Guaranteed Start Punctuality 
or the Guaranteed Arrival Punctuality, in each case, for that month, it shall pay Damages to the 
Authority at the rate of 1% of the Monthly Fees. The Damages payable by the Operator for a 
failure to achieve the Guaranteed Start Punctuality or the Guaranteed Arrival Punctuality shall 
be calculated at the end of each month. Provided however, if, based on a verification of the 
Start Punctuality or the Arrival Punctuality in any month, the Authority determines that the 
Operator has failed to achieve the Guaranteed Arrival Punctuality directly as a result of a failure 
to achieve the Guaranteed Start Punctuality, then in order to avoid any double counting of the 
Damages payable by the Operator, the Authority shall only levy Damages for a failure to 
achieve one of such Key Performance Indicators. 
 
20.4.6 The Authority agrees that if, in any month, the Start Punctuality or the Arrival Punctuality is 
more than the Guaranteed Start Punctuality or the Guaranteed Arrival Punctuality for that 
month respectively, then for every 1% increase in the Start Punctuality or the Arrival 

--- Page 225 ---
 
132 
Punctuality over and above the Guaranteed Start Punctuality or the Guaranteed Arrival 
Punctuality, as the case may be, for that month, the Authority shall pay to the Operator an 
incentive equal to 0.05% of the Monthly Fees. The incentive (if any) payable by the Authority 
to the Operator in accordance with this Clause 20.4.6 shall be calculated at the end of each 
month.  
 
 20.5  Frequency 
 
20.5.1  The frequency of operation of all available Buses (as determined in accordance with Clause 
20.3 above) shall be measured on a monthly basis in terms of: 
 
(a) a percentage of the cumulative completed trips travelled by all Buses to the aggregate 
number of scheduled trips for the same time period (“Trip Frequency”); and 
 
(b) a percentage of the cumulative Bus Kilometres travelled by all Buses to the aggregate 
scheduled Bus Kilometres for the same time period (“Bus Kms Frequency”).   
 
20.5.2  The Operator agrees that the guaranteed Trip Frequency (“Guaranteed Trip Frequency”) and 
the guaranteed Bus Kms Frequency (“Guaranteed Bus Kms Frequency”), as the case may 
be, determined in accordance with Clause 20.5.1 shall be equal to or more than 94% (ninety 
four percent).  
 
20.5.3    Unless otherwise set out in the Deployment Plan, the Authority shall provide minimum of [5] 
hours for every bus, at depot during each night, for charging, maintenance and any other 
activities. 
  
20.5.4   The Buses in each direction shall be operated by the Operator in line with the Deployment plan 
provided by the Authority.  
 
20.5.5  The Operator agrees that for every 1% reduction in the Trip Frequency or the Bus Kms 
Frequency, as the case may be, as compared to the Guaranteed Trip Frequency or the 
Guaranteed Bus Kms Frequency, it shall pay Damages to the Authority at the rate of 1% of the 
Monthly Fees. The Damages payable by the Operator for a failure to achieve the Guaranteed 
Trip Frequency or the Guaranteed Bus Kms Frequency shall be calculated at the end of each 
month. Provided however, if, based on a verification of the Trip Frequency or Bus Kms 
Frequency, the Authority determines that the Operator has failed to achieve the Guaranteed 
Trip Frequency directly as a result of a failure to achieve the Guaranteed Bus Kms Frequency, 
or vic-e-versa, then in order to avoid any double counting of the Damages payable by the 
Operator, the Authority shall only levy Damages for a failure to achieve one of such Key 
Performance Indicators, as the case may be.  
 
20.5.6 The Authority agrees that if, in any month, the Trip Frequency or the Bus Kms Frequency is 
more than the Guaranteed Trip Frequency or the Guaranteed Bus Kms Frequency, respectively, 
then for every 1% increase in the Trip Frequency or the Bus Kms Frequency over and above 
the Guaranteed Trip Frequency or the Guaranteed Bus Kms Frequency, as the case may be, the 
Authority shall pay to the Operator an incentive equal to 0.05% of the Monthly Fees. 
  
 
  

--- Page 226 ---
 
133 
 20.6  Safety of Operations 
 
20.6.1   The Parties agree that the safety of the Buses in the fleet shall be measured in terms of  the 
number of accidents per 10,000 Kms (Ten thousand kilometers) (the “General Safety”) and 
the number of severe accidents per month (the “Severe Safety”), respectively.  
 
20.6.2 The General Safety shall be calculated in terms of Minor Accident Factor. 
Minor Accident Factor      =  No of minor accidents in a month x 10,000 
Total Bus kms in a month 
 
The Severe safety shall be calculated in terms of number of Major Accidents. 
 
20.6.3  The Operator agrees that the assured General Safety (“Assured General Safety”) determined 
in accordance with Clause 20.6.1 and 20.6.2 shall be equal to or less than 0.01 (zero decimal 
zero one). 
  
20.6.4 The Operator agrees that for every increase in number of accidents, by a factor of 0.01 (zero 
decimal zero one) as compared to the Assured General Safety, it shall pay Damages to the 
Authority at the rate of 2% of the Monthly Fees. The Operator agrees that for every number of 
Severe Safety incident occurrence, it shall pay Damages to the Authority at the rate of 2 % of 
the Monthly Fees for each incident.  
 
20.6.5  The Authority agrees that if the General Safety is less than 0.005 (zero decimal zero zero five), 
then for every 0.001 decrease in the General Safety the Authority shall pay to the Operator an 
incentive equal to 0.05% of the Monthly Fees.  
 
20.6.6   Event of serious incidents such as Bus catching fire for more than 4% (four Percent) of the lot 
within a period of 3 (three) months, in such situations Authority may direct Operator to take 
all Buses off road of that lot and ask the Operator to identify and rectify the cause. Operator 
may even be asked to check the complete fleet and subjected to thorough inspection by the 
Authority. No Monthly Assured Bus Kilometre payment will be applicable for non-operation 
of Buses during such period. 
 
 
20.7 Operational Infractions 
 
20.7.1 The Operator shall Operate and Maintain the Buses so as to minimize the occurrence of any of 
the Operational Infractions. An Operational Infraction may be identified by the Authority (or 
the Authority's Representative) either through inspections of the Buses and Maintenance 
Depots, User complaints or review of the data generated from the ITS. 
 
20.7.2 The Operator agrees that upon the occurrence of any Operational Infraction, it shall pay to the 
Authority Damages of an amount corresponding to the breach of such Operational Infraction 
as set out in Schedule-S. In the event of any repeated Operational Infractions, the rate of 
Damages payable by the Operator shall increase in accordance with the provisions of Schedule-
S. 
 
 
  

--- Page 227 ---
 
134 
20.8    Monthly Report  
 
20.8.1 The Operator shall, no later than 7 (seven) days after the end of each month, furnish to the 
Authority a report (as per the format in schedule X) containing details of the compliance with 
the Key Performance Indicators of each Bus as measured on a daily basis. The Operator shall 
promptly give such other relevant information as may be required by the Authority for the 
purposes of determining whether the Operator is achieving the Key Performance Indicators as 
set out in this Article 20.  
 
20.8.2 The Operator shall keep backup for at least 90 days of raw data and proper records of all data 
collected from the operation of the Buses from the Data Monitoring System, ITMS or any other 
systems installed, for the purposes of verification by the Authority. 
 
 20.9  Passenger Charter 
 
The Operator shall implement a charter articulating the rights and expectations of Users (the 
“Passenger Charter”) as provided by the Authority. The Operator shall at all times be 
accountable and liable to Users in accordance with the provisions of the Passenger Charter and 
Applicable Laws.  
 
 
 20.10  Cap on Damages for failure to achieve Key Performance Indicators  
 
The Operator shall ensure and procure compliance of each of the Key Performance Indicators 
specified in Article 20. Any Damages payable by the Operator for a failure to achieve the Key 
Performance Indicators set out in Clauses 20.2 to 20.6 in any month in accordance with this 
Article 20 shall be capped at 10% of the aggregate Monthly Fees payable in such month. Any 
Damages payable by the Operator as a result of any Operational Infractions (except safety 
related infractions as covered in Schedule S) in any month shall be capped at 5% of the Monthly 
Fees for that month. 
 
 20.11  Cap on incentives for exceeding to achieve Key Performance Indicators  
 
Any incentives payable by the Authority to the Operator for exceeding the prescribed Key 
Performance Indicators in accordance with this Article 20 and rates Specified in Schedule U 
in any month shall be capped at 5% of the aggregate Monthly Fees for the respective Month.  
 
  20.12  Initial Operating Period  
   
 During the first 30 (thirty) days of Operations after the first Lot COD as per the Delivery 
Schedule, the Authority shall provide allowance of up to 25% of the respective Key 
Performance Indicators to the Operator except safety of operations as per Clause 20.6. 
 
  
  
  
  
   

--- Page 228 ---
 
135 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
4. Part IV Financial Covenants 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

--- Page 229 ---
 
136 
ARTICLE-21 : FINANCIAL CLOSE 
 
 21.1 Financial Close  
  
21.1.1  The Operator hereby agrees and undertakes that it shall achieve Financial Close within 16 
weeks from the date of this Agreement and in the event of delay, it shall be entitled to a further 
period not exceeding 90 (ninety) days, subject to payment of Damages to the Authority in a 
sum calculated at the rate of 0.1% (zero point one per cent) of the Performance Security for 
each day of delay and for a further period not exceeding 80 (eighty) days, subject to payment 
of Damages at the rate of 0.25% (zero point two five per cent) of the Performance Security for 
each day of delay; provided that the Damages specified herein shall be payable every week in 
advance and the period beyond the said 60 (sixty) days shall be granted only to the extent of 
Damages so paid; provided further that no Damages shall be payable if such delay in Financial 
Close has occurred solely as a result of any default or delay by the Authority in procuring 
satisfaction of the Conditions Precedent specified in Clause 4.1.2 or due to Force Majeure; and 
provided further that, if such delay in achieving Financial Close has occurred directly as a 
result of the Authority’s delay in grant of vacant access and Right of Way to the Depot Sites 
and Maintenance Depots in accordance with Article 10, the Authority shall pay Damages to 
the Operator in a sum calculated at the rate of 0.1% (zero point one per cent) of the Performance 
Security for each day of delay. For the avoidance of doubt, the Damages payable hereunder by 
the Operator shall be in addition to the Damages, if any, due and payable under the provisions 
of Clause 4.3 for a failure by the Operator in fulfiling any of its Conditions Precedent specified 
in Clause 4.1.3.  
  
  
 21.2  Termination due to failure to achieve Financial Close  
  
21.2.1  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, in the event that 
Financial Close does not occur, for any reason whatsoever, within the period set forth in Clause 
21.1.1 or the extended period provided thereunder, the Authority shall have the right to 
terminate this Agreement.  
  
21.2.2  Upon Termination under Clause 21.2.1, the Authority shall be entitled to encash from the 
Performance Security, an amount equal to the Bid Security and appropriate the proceeds 
thereof as Damages. provided, however, if Financial Close has not occurred solely as a result 
of the Authority being in default of any of its obligations under Clause 4.1.2, it shall, upon 
Termination, return the Performance Security forthwith along with the Damages due and 
payable under Clause 4.3.  
  
  

--- Page 230 ---
 
137 
ARTICLE-22 : FEE 
 
 22.1 Fee  
  
22.1.1  In consideration for undertaking the Project, the Authority shall pay the Operator a fee 
calculated on the basis of methodology mentioned in the clause below, and in accordance with 
the Deployment Plan by each Bus operated by the Operator and as captured in the ITMS 
platform in fulfilment of the Operators obligations under this Agreement (the “Fee”).  
 
22.1.2  Subject to Clause 22.4 and Clause 22.5 below, the Fee payable to the Operator under this 
Agreement shall be the calculated in the following manner: 
a) If the actual Bus Kilometers travelled by all Buses is equal to aggregated Annual 
Assured Kilometers, then Fee shall be calculated by multiplying the PK Fee (INR [●]) 
with such actual Bus Kilometers 
 
b) If the actual Bus Kilometers travelled by all Buses is less than the aggregated Annual 
Assured Kilometers, then Fee shall be calculated, in accordance with clause 22.3.2 by 
using the following formula: 
Fee = (PK Fee * actual Bus Kilometers) + (PK Fee * 75%* (Annual Assured Kilometers – 
actual Bus Kilometers)) 
 
c) If the actual Bus Kilometers travelled by all Buses is more than the aggregated Annual 
Assured Kilometers, then Fee shall be calculated, in accordance with clause 22.3.3 by 
using the following formula: 
Fee = (PK Fee * Annual Assured Kilometers) + (PK Fee * 50%* (actual Bus Kilometers - 
Annual Assured Kilometers)) 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, it is clarified that the Fee, as per the above methodology shall be 
calculated on a yearly basis. 
 
22.1.3  The Parties agree that a Bus Kilometer shall comprise of the kilometers travelled by a Bus in 
respect of:  
 
(a) distance travelled by a Bus assigned on a particular Operational Route as per the 
Deployment Plan;  
(b) distance travelled by a Bus from the Maintenance Depot to the first point of loading 
passengers at the commencement of its service on a day 
(c) distance travelled by a Bus from its last Bus Stop as per the Deployment Plan to the 
Maintenance Depot at the end of the day’s service; and 
(d) distance travelled by a Bus, with or without passengers, which is otherwise outside the 
Deployment Plan but has been requested or approved by the Authority 
 
22.1.4  The Operator agrees and acknowledges that a Bus Kilometer, for the purpose of payment of 
the Fee, shall not include any kilometer travelled by the Bus to any maintenance facilities, other 
than the Maintenance Depot, or for any travel not authorized by the Authority or not captured 
in the ITMS platform or otherwise not in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.  
  

--- Page 231 ---
 
138 
22.1.5  For each month after the Lot COD of the first Lot of Buses, the Operator shall compute and 
provide to the Authority, the total number of Bus Kilometers that all the Buses deployed by 
the Operator in such month have travelled for the period being reckoned for the purpose of 
raising the invoice. The Bus Kilometers will be calculated on the basis of route survey done 
jointly by the Authority and the Operator for the pre-determined routes before the start of 
operations. The payment against these Bus Kilometers will be subject to complete schedule 
adherence as verified through ITS.  
 
22.1.6 In the event Bus Kilometers is not captured by ITMS on account of default of authority, the 
odometer reading of such fleet for the performed trips shall be referred for calculation of Bus 
Kilometer   
 
22.1.7  The Authority shall deposit the Fee due and payable to the Operator subject to and in 
accordance with this Article 22, into the Escrow Account. 
 
22.2 Payment of Fee  
  
 22.2.1 After the Lot COD for the first Lot of Buses, and for each subsequent month of the Contract 
Period, the Operator shall submit a monthly invoice in accordance with clause 22.1.2,  in 
respect of each Bus which has been put into commercial operation, in accordance with Clause 
14.2.1, in the relevant month within 7 (seven) days from the end of each month (“Invoice”). 
The first Invoice to be submitted by the Operator after the Lot COD of the first Lot of Buses 
shall be pro-rated for the number of days from the Lot COD of the first Lot of Buses until the 
last working day of the month in which the Lot COD occurs. Each subsequent Invoice shall be 
a monthly invoice to be submitted to the Authority by the 7th (seventh) day of the immediately 
following month. 
 
22.2.2  Each Invoice shall set out the following amount 
 
(a) the Fee payable to the Operator for such month, based on the methodology defined in 
clause 22.1.2 for all Buses deployed in such month; 
 
(b) any costs, Damages or other charges that the Operator is entitled to recover from the 
Authority in terms of this Agreement; 
 
(c) any costs, Damages or other charges that the Authority is entitled to recover from the 
Operator in terms of this Agreement as notified by the Authority to the Operator and 
to which the Operator has no dispute;  
 
(d) cost of electricity to be reimbursed by the Authority to the Operator in accordance with 
Clause 22.5; and 
 
(e) [any applicable Taxes],   
 
(collectively referred as the “Invoice Amount”).  
  
22.2.3  Upon the submission of each Invoice, the Authority shall, within 7 (seven) days from the date 
of submission of such Invoice, convey its approval for the immediate release of 90% of the 

--- Page 232 ---
 
139 
amount specified in the Invoice, with the remaining 10% to be released by the 7th (seventh) day 
of the next month, less any necessary deductions or adjustments in accordance with this 
Agreement and/or Applicable Laws (including any statutory dues).  
 
 
22.2.4   If the Authority fails to approve an Invoice pursuant to Clause 22.2.3 above, within 15 (fifteen) 
days from the date of submission of such Invoice, the Invoice shall be deemed to be approved 
and the Operator shall have the right to approach the Escrow Bank for release of the amounts 
set out in the Invoice. 
 
22.2.5 This Concession Agreement is covered under the PM-eBus Sewa-Payment Security 
Mechanism (PSM) scheme. The PM-eBus Sewa-Payment Security Mechanism (PSM) 
scheme Guidelines & Standard Operating Procedure (SOPs) will be applicable for the payment 
of fee under the Concession Agreement. The Authority should ensure that any funds received 
under PM-eBus Sewa-Payment Security Mechanism (PSM) scheme in the Escrow Account 
should be immediately released to the Operator without any interventions/ conditions. 
  
22.2.6   Any dispute between the Parties in relation to an Invoice will be settled in accordance with the 
Dispute Resolution Procedure. 
 
22.3 Annual Assured Kilometres  
  
22.3.1 The Authority agrees that the Deployment Plan shall ensure the average Bus Kilometres 
scheduled per Bus in each year, commencing from the start of the First month of the Contract 
Year will be no less than [●] (the “Annual Assured Bus Kilometers” for respective Lot). For 
the first year, the Yearly Assured Bus Kilometres for each Bus shall be calculated on a pro rata 
basis for the number of days each Bus has been put into Commercial Service during the period 
commencing from the Lot COD of such Bus and expiring at the end of the first year of the 
Contract period. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, for any Buses which are procured 
and put into Commercial Service after the end of the first Contract Year, the Yearly Assured 
Bus Kilometers for each such Bus for that Contract Year shall be calculated on a pro rata basis 
for the number of days such Bus has been in Commercial Service during the period 
commencing from the Lot COD of such Buses and expiring at the end of that respective month.    
  
22.3.2 In the event that a Bus made available by the Operator is not deployed for reasons directly 
attributable to the Authority or due to a Force Majeure Event, and as a result the Bus operates 
for less than the Yearly Assured Bus Kilometres in any Contract year, then the Authority will 
pay to the Operator, the Fees that is calculated in accordance with clause 22.1.2.  
  
22.3.3 If the Authority utilises any Bus Kilometers over and above the Yearly Assured Bus Kilometers, 
the Operator shall be entitled to receive Fees for such additional Bus Kilometers, calculated in 
accordance with clause 22.1.2. The reconciliation shall be done on Yearly basis.  
 
22.3.4 Any bus KMs deducted on account of operator’s fault in a Contract year shall be deducted from 
annual assured KM for the respective Contract year. 
  

--- Page 233 ---
 
140 
22.4 Revision of Fee  
  
22.4.1 The Parties agree that the PK Fee shall be revised every 12-months from the date of signing of 
this Agreement to accommodate price escalation on account of cost of maintenance, material 
and manpower.“Revision in PK Fee” will be calculated based on the formulae given below:  
 
PK fees (revised) = (PK fees) + (PK Fee x ((CPIMonth – CPIBase)/ CPIBase ) x 0.05) + (PK Fee x 
((MWMonth – MWBase)/ MWBase ) x 0.25) 
 
Where, 
CPI Base =   Index value issued by Government of India's Consumer Price Index at the time of 
Bid end date. 
CPI Month =  Index value issued by Government of India's Consumer Price Index for particular 
month when the price variation is applicable. 
 
MWBase = Minimum wages notified by the State Govt. of that state applicable at the time of bid 
end date for skilled category  
MWMonth=   Minimum wages for skilled category for particular month, notified by State Govt. 
of that state. 
 
Note: The new rate shall have retrospective effect from the month in which the revised 
minimum wages came into force 
 
22.4.2  The Parties agree that the PK Fee shall stand revised pursuant to any amendment in accordance 
with this Clause 22.4 and shall become the base PK Fee payable to the Operator under this 
Agreement.  
 
 
22.5 Electricity Cost 
 
22.5.1 The Parties agree and acknowledge that, as on the date of this Agreement, the PK Fee is 
inclusive of electricity cost including consumption charges, fixed charges, cess, taxes and other 
charges imposed by the local DISCOM at HT level metering dedicated for the operator. The 
operator is responsible for payment of electricity charges for operation and maintenance of 
buses and maintenance depot to the local DISCOM. The Parties agree that the Authority is 
liable for any increase in electricity tariff or other related charges including fixed fee, cess, 
taxes, etc post the Bid Due Date and shall compensate the Operator for any such increase in 
tariff up to the Allowed Energy Consumption as defined in 22.5.2. The bidder shall raise invoice 
against the increase in input costs for electricity along with actual bills and supporting 
documents of the revised electricity cost on actual basis as part of monthly bills. Reconciliation 
of payment against the differential in electricity tariff (including consumption charges, fixed 
charges, cess, taxes and other charges imposed by the local DISCOM)to be done annually 
subject to allowed energy consumption as defined in 22.5.2.  
 
22.5.2    The Parties agree that allowed energy consumption or energy efficiency at the fleet level for 
the bus lot shall be [●] (“Allowed Energy Consumption” for Lot). For the avoidance of doubt, 
the sample  Allowed Energy Consumption calculation is as follows: 

--- Page 234 ---
 
141 
Allowed Energy Consumption = (1.3 kWh/km * Actual Bus Kms operated in a year for 12m 
AC Buses) + (1.1 kWh/km * Actual Bus Kms operated in a year for 12m Non AC Buses) + 
(1.0 kWh/km * Actual Bus Kms operated in a year for 9m AC Buses) + (0.85 kWh/km * Actual 
Bus Kms operated in a year for 9m Non AC Buses). 
Allowed Annual Energy Consumption for buses: 
12m AC Buses (Standard / Low floor) – 1.3 kWh/km 
12m Non-AC Buses (Standard / Low floor) – 1.1 kWh/km 
9m AC Buses (Standard / Low floor) – 1.0 kWh/km 
9m Non-AC Buses (Standard / Low floor) – 0.85 kWh/km 
 
To further clarify, the Allowed Energy Consumption will be calculated for only the type(s) of 
Buses which are deployed with the Authority. 
 
  

--- Page 235 ---
 
142 
For illustration purpose only: 
  
A  Allowed Energy Consumption (kWh)  7,410  
B  Base Electricity Tariff* (INR/unit)  5  
C  Actual Electricity Tariff* (INR/unit)  7  
  Case 1: Metered Energy Consumed > A    
D  Billed units by DISCOM  8,000  
E  Electricity tariff variation to be paid for (units)  7,410  
F  Variation to be paid by Authority E*(C-B)  14,820   Case 2: Metered Energy Consumed <= A   
G  Billed units by DISCOM   7,000  
H  Electricity tariff variation to be paid for (units)  7,000  
I  Variation to be paid by Authority H*(C-B)  14,000  
*Electricity tariff at bid due date includes consumption charges, fixed charges, cess, taxes and other 
charges imposed by the local DISCOM at HT level metering. 
 
22.5.3 The cost of any electricity consumed on account of (i) charging of the Buses requiring electricity 
in excess of the Allowed Energy Consumption; (ii) the use of any other equipment, plant and 
machinery at the Maintenance Depot (apart from the Charging Infrastructure); and (iii) the 
Operations and Maintenance of the Maintenance Depot including taxes and other charges 
imposed by the local DISCOM, shall be payable by the Operator. 
 
22.5.4  In case of any depot   that   is   jointly   used   by   both   the Authority    and    the    Operator    
for    the operation   of   their   respective   buses, the Operator/Authority may install a sub-
meter to measure electricity consumption by the Authority at the depot. The Operator shall raise 
an invoice for the consumption at the prevailing tariff and the Authority is liable to pay the cost 
of electricity consumed by the Authority.22.5.5 The Operator / Authority may  procure 
electricity from alternative energy sources.   
 
 
 
 
  

--- Page 236 ---
 
143 
ARTICLE-23 : DAMAGES FOR DELAY 
 
23.1  The Authority hereby undertakes to perform all its obligations under this Agreement failing 
which it shall be liable to recompense the Operator by paying Damages as per Schedule U in 
addition to other compensation provided for in this agreement.  
 
23.2 The Operator hereby undertakes to perform all its obligations under this Agreement failing 
which it shall be liable to recompense the Authority by paying Damages as per Schedule V in 
addition to other compensation provided for in this agreement. 
 
23.3 For all amounts payable under Clause 23.1 and 23.2, concerned Party shall raise invoices on 
the other Party on a monthly basis. Such amounts shall be payable by the other Party or 
otherwise adjusted against other payments due within 30 (thirty) days of receipt of notice.  
 
23.4  Any deferment or delay in raising invoices shall not absolve the other Party from its obligation 
to pay the amounts that have accrued.  
    
  
   

--- Page 237 ---
 
144 
ARTICLE-24 : TRANSFER OF MAINTENANCE DEPOTS 
  
 24.1  Transfer of Maintenance Depots   
  
24.1.1 The Maintenance Depots shall, in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, be handed 
over to the Authority upon Termination of this Agreement or expiry of the Contract Period. 
The Parties expressly agree that for and in respect of the transfer hereunder, the provisions of 
Article 33 shall apply mutatis mutandis.   
  
24.1.2 Upon the handover of the Maintenance Depots from the Operator to the Authority pursuant to 
Clause 24.1.1, all equipment, machinery, building, structures, hardware, software licenses and 
other assets comprising the Maintenance Depots (including the Charging Infrastructure and 
opportunity Charging Stations, if any) shall vest in the Authority without any Encumbrance.  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  

--- Page 238 ---
 
145 
ARTICLE-25 : INSURANCE 
 
25.1 Insurance during Contract Period  
  
The Operator shall effect and maintain at its own cost, during the Contract Period, such 
insurances for such maximum sums as may be required under this Agreement, Applicable 
Laws, and such insurances as may be necessary or prudent in accordance with Good Industry 
Practice. The Operator shall also effect and maintain such insurances as may be necessary for 
mitigating the risks that may devolve on the Authority as a consequence of any act or omission 
of the Operator during the Contract Period. The Operator shall procure that in each insurance 
policy, the Authority shall be a co-insured. 
  
25.2 Insurance Cover  
  
Without prejudice to the provisions contained in Clause 25.1, the Operator shall, during the 
Contract Period, procure and maintain Insurance Cover including but not limited to the 
following:  
 
(a) Construction All Risk policy during the period of Fit Outs 
(b) total loss, damage or destruction of the Maintenance Depots, Buses, Charging 
Infrastructure and Opportunity Charging Stations, if any;  
(c) comprehensive third party liability insurance for life, goods or property, including 
injury to or death of personnel of the Authority or others, arising from any accident at 
the Maintenance Depots or otherwise, caused by a Bus on account of any negligence 
of the Operator or a defect or deficiency in a Bus; 
(d) the Operator’s general liability arising out of the Agreement;  
(e) workmen’s compensation insurance; and  
(f) any other insurance that may be necessary to protect the Operator and its employees, 
including all Force Majeure Events that are insurable and not otherwise covered in 
items (a) to (d) above.   
 
25.3 Notice to the Authority  
  
No later than 15 (fifteen) days from the Appointed Date, the Operator shall by notice furnish 
to the Authority, in reasonable detail, information in respect of the insurances that it proposes 
to effect and maintain in accordance with this Article 25. Within 15 (fifteen) days of receipt of 
such notice, the Authority may require the Operator to effect and maintain such other 
insurances as may be necessary pursuant hereto, and in the event of any difference or 
disagreement relating to any such insurance, the Dispute Resolution Procedure shall apply.  
  

--- Page 239 ---
 
146 
25.4 Evidence of Insurance Cover  
 
All insurances obtained by the Operator in accordance with this Article 25 shall be maintained 
with insurers on terms consistent with Good Industry Practice. Within 15 (fifteen) days of 
obtaining any insurance cover, the Operator shall furnish to the Authority, notarised true copies 
of the certificate(s) of insurance, copies of insurance policies and premia payment receipts in 
respect of such insurance, and no such insurance shall be cancelled, modified, or allowed to 
expire or lapse until the expiration of at least 45 (forty five) days after notice of such proposed 
cancellation, modification or non-renewal has been delivered by the Operator to the Authority.  
  
25.5 Remedy for failure to insure  
  
If the Operator fails to effect and keep in force all insurances for which it is responsible 
pursuant hereto, the Authority shall have the option to either keep in force any such insurances, 
and pay such premia and recover the costs thereof from the Operator, or in the event of 
computation of a Termination Payment, treat an amount equal to the Insurance Cover as 
deemed to have been received by the Operator.  
 
25.6 Waiver of subrogation  
  
All insurance policies in respect of the insurance obtained by the Operator pursuant to this 
Article 25 shall include a waiver of any and all rights of subrogation or recovery of the insurers 
thereunder against, inter alia, the Authority,  and its assigns, successors, undertakings and their 
subsidiaries, affiliates, employees, insurers and underwriters, and of any right of the insurers 
to any set-off or counterclaim or any other deduction, whether by attachment or otherwise, in 
respect of any liability of any such person insured under any such policy or in any way 
connected with any loss, liability or obligation covered by such policies of insurance.  
 
25.7 Operator’s waiver  
  
The Operator hereby further releases, assigns and waives any and all rights of subrogation or 
recovery against, inter alia, the Authority and its assigns, undertakings and their subsidiaries, 
affiliates, employees, successors, insurers and underwriters, which the Operator may otherwise 
have or acquire in or from or in any way connected with any loss, liability or obligation covered 
by policies of insurance maintained or required to be maintained by the Operator pursuant to 
this Agreement (other than third party liability insurance policies) or because of deductible 
clauses in or inadequacy of limits of any such policies of insurance.  
  
25.8 Application of insurance proceeds  
  
The proceeds from all insurance claims, except life and injury, shall be paid to the Operator, 
and it shall apply such proceeds for any necessary repair, reconstruction, reinstatement, 
replacement, improvement, delivery or installation of the Buses or Maintenance Depots.  
 
  

--- Page 240 ---
 
147 
25.9 Compliance with conditions of insurance policies  
  
The Operator expressly acknowledges and undertakes to fully indemnify the Authority from 
and against all losses and claims arising from the Operator’s failure to comply with conditions 
imposed by the insurance policies effected in accordance with this Agreement.   
  

--- Page 241 ---
 
148 
ARTICLE-26 : ACCOUNTS AND AUDIT 
  
 26.1  Audited accounts  
  
26.1.1 The Operator shall maintain books of accounts recording all its receipts, income, expenditure, 
payments, assets and liabilities, in accordance with this Agreement, Good Industry Practice, 
Applicable Laws and Applicable Permits. The Operator shall provide 2 (two) copies of its 
balance sheet, cash flow statement and profit and loss account, along with a report thereon by 
its Statutory Auditors, within 270 (two hundred and seventy) days of the close of its accounting 
year to which they pertain and such audited accounts, save and except where expressly 
provided to the contrary, shall form the basis of payments by either Party under this Agreement. 
The Authority shall have the right to inspect the records of the Operator during office hours 
and require copies of relevant extracts of books of accounts, duly certified by the Statutory 
Auditors, to be provided to the Authority for verification of basis of payments, and in the event 
of any discrepancy or error being found, the same shall be rectified and such rectified account 
shall form the basis of payments by either Party under this Agreement.  
  
26.1.2 The Operator shall, within 270 (two hundred and seventy)  days of the close of each accounting 
year, furnish to the Authority its audited annual financial results, in the manner and form 
prescribed by the Securities and Exchange Board of India for publication of  annual results by 
the companies listed on a stock exchange or as applicable.  
  
26.1.3 On or before the expiry of 270 (two hundred and seventy) days after its accounting year, the 
Operator shall provide to the Authority, for that accounting year, a statement duly audited by 
its Statutory Auditors giving summarised information on (a) the bills raised by the Operator 
for payment by the Authority, (b) the payments received and other revenues derived from the 
Authority, and (c) such other information as the Authority may reasonably require.  
  
 
 26.2  Appointment of auditors  
  
26.2.1 The Operator shall appoint, and have during the subsistence of this Agreement as its Statutory 
Auditors, a firm chosen by it from the mutually agreed list of 5 (five) reputable firms of 
chartered accountants (the “Panel of Chartered Accountants”), such list to be prepared 
substantially in accordance with the criteria set forth in Schedule-T. In case the bidder has an 
existing statutory auditor meeting the eligibility criteria mentioned in Schedule-T, the Operator 
shall request the Authority for appointment of the existing auditors for the project. The 
Authority may, at its discretion agree to the appointment of the operator’s existing Statutory 
Auditor for the project.  All fees and expenses of the Statutory Auditors shall be borne by the 
Operator.  
  
26.2.2 The Operator may terminate the appointment of its Statutory Auditors after a notice of 45 
(forty-five) days to the Authority, subject to the replacement Statutory Auditors being 
appointed from the Panel of Chartered Accountants.  

--- Page 242 ---
 
149 
  
26.2.3 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Authority shall have 
the right, but not the obligation, to appoint at its cost from time to time and at any time, another 
firm (the “Additional Auditors”) from the Panel of Chartered Accountants to audit and verify 
all those matters, expenses, costs, realisations and things which the Statutory Auditors are 
required to do, undertake or certify pursuant to this Agreement.  
  
26.3 Certification of claims by Statutory Auditors  
  
Any claim or document provided by the Operator to the Authority in connection with or 
relating to receipts, income, payments, costs, expenses, accounts or audit, and any matter 
incidental thereto shall be valid and effective only if certified by its Statutory Auditors.   
  
 
26.4 Set-off  
  
In the event any amount is due and payable by the Authority to the Operator, it may set-off any 
sums payable to it by the Operator and pay the balance remaining forthwith.  
  
 
26.5 Dispute resolution  
  
In the event of there being any difference between the findings of the Additional Auditors and 
the certification provided by the Statutory Auditors, such Auditors shall meet to resolve the 
differences and if they are unable to resolve the same, such Dispute shall be resolved by the 
Authority by recourse to the Dispute Resolution Procedure.  
   

--- Page 243 ---
 
150 
ARTICLE-27 : ESCROW ACCOUNT 
 
 27.1  Escrow Account  
 
27.1.1 The Authority shall, prior to the Appointed Date open and establish an account (“Escrow                  
Account”) with a Bank (“Escrow Bank”) in accordance with this Agreement and the Escrow 
Agreement.  
 
27.1.2 For the purpose of opening and operating the Escrow Account, the Authority shall, as a 
Condition Precedent, enter into an agreement with the Operator and Escrow Bank (“Escrow 
Agreement”) in accordance with the format provided in Schedule-M to this Agreement.  
 
27.1.3 The Authority shall on or before the Lot COD of the first Lot of Buses, deposit in the Escrow 
Account a sum equal to 1 (one) months’ estimated Fees payable to the Operator as a revolving 
fund and for this purpose, the Authority shall replenish with its own resources, any deficit that 
may arise in maintaining such balance of funds (“Minimum Escrow Balance”). It is clarified 
that a COD shall not be achieved under this Agreement till the time such 1 months’ estimated 
Fees is deposited in the Escrow Account.  
 
27.1.4 During the Contract Period, the Authority shall ensure that on the 1st (first) day of each month 
after COD, the Escrow Account is replenished so as to maintain the Minimum Escrow Balance 
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. If, at any point in time during the Contract 
Period, the Authority fails to maintain the Minimum Escrow Balance, it shall have a period of 
15 (fifteen) days within which it shall be required to replenish the Escrow Account so as to 
ensure that the Minimum Escrow Balance is maintained. If the Authority fails to ensure that 
the Minimum Escrow Balance is maintained upon the expiry of the aforesaid 15  (fifteen) day 
period, then the Minimum Escrow Balance shall be increased by at a rate equal to 3% over and 
above the Bank Rate for every 1 (one) month that the Authority fails to maintain the Minimum 
Escrow Balance. 
 
 27.2  Deposit in Escrow Account  
 
27.2.1  The Authority shall deposit or cause to be deposited the following inflows and receipts into the 
Escrow Account: 
 
(a) All Fees and taxes thereon due and payable to the Operator subject to and in 
accordance with Article 22;  
(b) any deposits required to be made by the Authority to maintain the Minimum Escrow 
Balance;  
(c) all grants, payments and financial support received by the Authority from the State 
Government and/or GoI in relation to the Project;  
(d) amounts towards insurance claims, if any, received; 

--- Page 244 ---
 
151 
 
(e) all payments due to the Operator towards any Damages payable by the Authority under 
and in accordance with the terms of this Agreement; 
(f) any amounts towards Termination Payment due to the Operator;  
(g) all revenues generated and all the income accruing from the Project including but not 
limited to the daily farebox and non-farebox revenue and advertising revenue, etc.; and   
(h) any other revenues or capital receipts from or in respect of the Project.  
 
27.3     Withdrawal During Contract Period  
 
27.3.1 The Authority shall, at the time of opening the Escrow Account, give irrevocable instructions, 
by way of the Escrow Agreement, to the Escrow Bank instructing, inter alia, that deposits in 
the Escrow Account shall be appropriated in the following order every month, or at shorter 
intervals as may be necessary pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and if not due in a 
month then appropriated proportionately in such month and retained in the Escrow Account 
and paid out therefrom in the month when due:  
 
(a) all taxes due and payable by the Operator for and in respect of the Project;  
 
(b) all Fees due and payable to the Operator subject to and in accordance with Article 22; 
 
(c) all staff expenses payable by the Authority related to the manpower deployed 
exclusively for the Project; 
 
(d) O&M Expenses and other costs and expenses incurred by the Authority in accordance 
with the provisions of this Agreement, and certified by the Authority as due and 
payable to it;  
 
(e) all payments and Damages certified by the Authority as due and payable to it by the 
Operator; and  
 
(f) balance, if any, in accordance with the instructions of the Authority.  
 
Provided that any and all payments to the Operator from the Escrow Account under 
this Agreement shall be first made into the account designated by the lender(s) of the 
Operator.  
 
27.3.2 The Authority shall not in any manner modify the order of payment specified in Clause 27.3.1, 
except with the prior written approval of the Operator. 
 
 
27.4     Withdrawal upon Termination  
 
27.4.1  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Escrow Agreement upon 
Termination of this Agreement, the amounts standing to the credit of the Escrow Account 
mentioned below shall be appropriated in the following order.  
 

--- Page 245 ---
 
152 
(a) all taxes due and payable by the Operator for and in respect of the Project;  
(b) 90% (ninety per cent) of Debt Due;  
(c) all payments and Damages certified by the Authority as due and payable to it by the 
Operator;  
(d) retention and payments relating to the liability for defects and deficiencies set forth in 
Article 34; 
(e) outstanding Debt Service including the balance of Debt Due; 
(f) incurred or accrued Fees; 
(g) any payments due and payable to the Authority; 
(h) any other payments required to be made under this Agreement; and  
(i) balance, if any, in accordance with the instructions of the Authority.  
 
Provided that no appropriations shall be made under Sub-clause (h) of this Clause 27.4.1 until 
a Vesting Certificate has been issued by the Authority under the provisions of Article 33. The 
provisions of this Article 27 and the instructions contained in the Escrow Agreement shall 
remain in full force and effect until the obligations set forth in Clause 27.4.1 have been 
discharged.   
 
Provided further that any and all payments to the Operator from the Escrow Account under this 
Agreement shall be first made into the account designated by the lender(s) of the Operator. 
   

--- Page 246 ---
 
153 
ARTICLE-28 : TRAFFIC REGULATION AND SECURITY 
 
 28.1  Traffic regulation by the Operator  
 
28.1.1 The Operator shall, in consultation with the Authority, regulate the use of the Buses by the 
Users in accordance with Applicable Laws and subject to the supervision and control of the 
Authority or a substitute thereof empowered in this behalf under the Applicable Laws.  
 
28.1.2 The Operator shall, in consultation with the Authority, evolve and publicise a system based on 
Good Industry Practice such that no User or category of Users is discriminated against or 
unduly favoured, as the case may be, in the use of the Buses.  
 
28.1.3 The Operator shall have the right and obligation to manage, operate and regulate the Buses on 
a common carrier basis providing non-discriminatory services to all persons.   
  
 
 28.2  Security  
 
28.2.1 The Operator acknowledges and agrees that unless otherwise specified in this Agreement it 
shall, at its own cost and expense, provide or cause to be provided security at the Maintenance 
Depots and within the Buses for the prevention of vandalism, arson, terrorism, hijacking, 
sabotage and/or similar acts or occurrences; provided that the Authority and the Operator may 
at any time mutually enter into an agreement to jointly provide security services in the Buses.  
 
28.2.2 The Operator shall abide by and implement any instructions of the Authority for enhancing the 
security within the Buses and at the Maintenance Depots. The Operator shall co-operate with 
any relevant organisations appointed by the Authority for the purpose providing security.  The 
Authority agrees that it shall cause the relevant organisations to take such actions as reasonably 
deemed necessary by them, in order to ensure security within the Buses, without unduly or 
unreasonably disrupting the operations of the Buses or interfering with the exercise of rights 
or fulfilment of obligations by the Operator under this Agreement. The Operator agrees that it 
shall extend its full support and cooperation to the Authority and to the other organisations 
authorised by the Authority in the discharge of their obligations thereunder.  
 
28.2.3 Subject to the rights of the Operator under this Clause 28.2.3, the Authority or any agency duly 
authorised by it shall be entitled to inspect and search all Buses and the Maintenance Depots 
and to search any person or vehicle entering the Depot Sites or departing there from, without 
unduly or unreasonably disrupting the operations of the Buses.  
 
28.2.4 The Authority agrees that it shall, at the request of the Operator, procure and provide the 
services of security forces of the Authority on a best effort basis.  
 

--- Page 247 ---
 
154 
28.2.5 The Authority shall ensure and procure that the personnel of the Operator and all its 
contractors, suppliers, sub-contractors and agents and the Users of the Buses are allowed free 
ingress and egress from the limits of the Buses and the Maintenance Depots without any 
unreasonable interference by the personnel of the Authority, including the security personnel 
employed by or on behalf of the Authority.  
   

--- Page 248 ---
 
155 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
5. Part V Force Majeure and Termination  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

--- Page 249 ---
 
156 
ARTICLE-29 : FORCE MAJEURE 
 
 29.1  Force Majeure  
  
As used in this Agreement, the expression “Force Majeure” or “Force Majeure Event” shall 
mean, save and except as expressly provided otherwise, occurrence in India of any Non-
Political Event, Indirect Political Event and Political Event, as defined in Clauses 29.2, 29.3 
and 29.4, respectively, if, and to the extent, it affects the performance by the Party claiming 
the benefit of Force Majeure (the “Affected Party”) of its obligations under this Agreement 
and which act or event (a) is beyond the reasonable control of the Affected Party, and (b) could 
not have been prevented or overcome by the Affected Party by exercise of due diligence and 
by following Good Industry Practice, and (c) has a Material Adverse Effect on the Affected 
Party.  
 
  
 29.2  Non-Political Event  
  
A Non-Political Event shall mean one or more of the following acts or events:  
  
(a) act of God, epidemics, pandemics, extremely adverse weather conditions, lightning, 
earthquake, landslide, cyclone, flood, volcanic eruption, chemical or radioactive 
contamination or ionising radiation, fire or explosion;  
(b) strikes or boycotts (other than those involving the Operator, Contractors or their 
respective employees/representatives, or directly attributable to any act or omission of 
any of them) interrupting supplies and services to the Project for a continuous period 
of 24 (twenty four) hours and an aggregate period exceeding 7 (seven) days in an 
Accounting Year, and not being an Indirect Political Event set forth in Clause 29.3;  
(c) any failure or delay of a Contractor but only to the extent caused by another Non-
Political Event and which does not result in any offsetting compensation being payable 
to the Operator by or on behalf of such Contractor;  
(d) any delay or failure of an overseas Contractor to deliver the Buses or equipment to 
India if such delay or failure is caused outside India by any event specified in 
Subclause (a) above and which does not result in any offsetting compensation being 
payable to the Operator by or on behalf of such Contractor;  
(e) any judgement or order of any court of competent jurisdiction or statutory authority 
made against the Operator in any proceedings for reasons other than (i) failure of the 
Operator to comply with any Applicable Law or Applicable Permit, or (ii) on account 
of breach of any Applicable Law or Applicable Permit or of any contract, or (iii) 
enforcement of this Agreement, or (iv) exercise of any of its rights under this 
Agreement by the Authority;  
(f) the discovery of geological conditions, toxic contamination or archaeological remains 
on the Depot Sites that could not reasonably have been expected to be discovered 
through a site inspection; or  
(g) any event or circumstances of a nature analogous to any of the foregoing.  
  

--- Page 250 ---
 
157 
 29.3  Indirect Political Event  
  
An Indirect Political Event shall mean one or more of the following acts or events:  
  
(a) an act of war (whether declared or undeclared), invasion, armed conflict or act of 
foreign enemy, blockade, embargo, riot, insurrection, terrorist or military action, civil 
commotion or politically motivated sabotage;  
(b) any political or economic upheaval, disturbance, movement, struggle or similar 
occurrence which could not have been anticipated or foreseen by a prudent person and 
which causes the construction or operation of the Project to be financially unviable or 
otherwise not feasible;  
(c) industry-wide or State-wide strikes or industrial action for a continuous period of 24 
(twenty-four) hours and exceeding an aggregate period of 7 (seven) days in an 
Accounting Year;  
(d) any civil commotion, boycott or political agitation which prevents production, and 
assembly of Buses, Fit Out Works at the Maintenance Depots or fulfilment of 
Operations and Maintenance obligations of the Operator for an aggregate period 
exceeding 15 (fifteen) days in an Accounting Year;  
(e) failure of the Authority to permit the Operator to continue perform its obligations under 
this Agreement, with or without modifications, in the event of stoppage of any works 
after discovery of any geological or archaeological finds or for any other reason;  
(f) any failure or delay of a Contractor to the extent caused by any Indirect Political Event 
and which does not result in any offsetting compensation being payable to the Operator 
by or on behalf of such Contractor;  
(g) any Indirect Political Event that causes a Non-Political Event;  
(h) the imposition, by any Government Instrumentality, of any lockdowns, curfews or 
mandatory quarantine rules arising out of the occurrence of any Non-Political Event 
or otherwise, which prevents the manufacture, procurement and delivery of the Buses, 
of the Fit Out Works at the Maintenance Depots or fulfilment of the Operations and 
Maintenance obligations of the Operator for an aggregate period exceeding 7 (seven) 
days in an Accounting Year; or  
(i) any event or circumstances of a nature analogous to any of the foregoing.  
 
  29.4  Political Event  
  
A Political Event shall mean one or more of the following acts or events by or on account of 
any Government Instrumentality:  
  
(a) a Change in Law;   
(b) compulsory acquisition in national interest or expropriation of any Project Assets or 
rights of the Operator or of the Contractors; 
(c) unlawful or unauthorised or without jurisdiction revocation of, or refusal to renew or 
grant without valid cause, any clearance, licence, permit, authorisation, no objection 

--- Page 251 ---
 
158 
certificate, consent, approval or exemption required by the Operator or any of the 
Contractors to perform their respective obligations under this Agreement and the 
Project Agreements; provided that such delay, modification, denial, refusal or 
revocation did not result from the Operator’s or any Contractor’s inability or failure to 
comply with any condition relating to grant, maintenance or renewal of such clearance, 
licence, authorisation, no objection certificate, exemption, consent, approval or permit;  
(d) any failure or delay of a Contractor but only to the extent caused by another Political 
Event and which does not result in any offsetting compensation being payable to the 
Operator by or on behalf of such Contractor; or  
(e) any event or circumstance of a nature analogous to any of the foregoing.  
 
 
 29.5  Duty to report Force Majeure Event  
  
29.5.1  Upon occurrence of a Force Majeure Event, the Affected Party shall by notice report such 
occurrence to the other Party forthwith. Any notice pursuant hereto shall include full particulars 
of:  
  
(a) the nature and extent of each Force Majeure Event which is the subject of any claim 
for relief under this Article 29 with evidence in support thereof;  
(b) the estimated duration and the effect or probable effect which such Force Majeure 
Event is having or will have on the Affected Party’s performance of its obligations 
under this Agreement;  
(c) the measures which the Affected Party is taking or proposes to take for alleviating the 
impact of such Force Majeure Event; and  
(d) any other information relevant to the Affected Party’s claim.  
  
29.5.2  The Affected Party shall not be entitled to any relief for or in respect of a Force Majeure Event 
unless it shall have notified the other Party of the occurrence of the Force Majeure Event as 
soon as reasonably practicable, and in any event no later than 7 (seven) days after the Affected 
Party knew, or ought reasonably to have known, of its occurrence, and shall have given 
particulars of the probable material effect that the Force Majeure Event is likely to have on the 
performance of its obligations under this Agreement.  
  
29.5.3  For so long as the Affected Party continues to claim to be materially affected by such Force 
Majeure Event, it shall provide the other Party with regular (and not less than weekly) reports 
containing information as required by Clause 29.5.1, and such other information as the other 
Party may reasonably request the Affected Party to provide.  
 
  
 29.6  Effect of Force Majeure Event on the Contract Period 
  
29.6.1 Upon the occurrence of any Force Majeure Event prior to the Appointed Date, the period set 
forth in Clause 4.2 for fulfilment of Conditions Precedent and for achieving the Appointed 
Date shall be extended by a period equal in length to the duration of the Force Majeure Event.  

--- Page 252 ---
 
159 
 
29.6.2 At any time after the Appointed Date and up until COD, if any Force Majeure Event occurs, 
the Contract Period shall be extended by a period, equal in length to the period during which 
the Operator was prevented from performing its obligations.  
 
 29.7  Allocation of costs arising out of Force Majeure  
  
29.7.1 Upon occurrence of any Force Majeure Event prior to the Appointed Date, the Parties shall 
bear their respective costs and no Party shall be required to pay to the other Party any costs 
thereof.  
  
29.7.2 Upon occurrence of a Force Majeure Event after the Appointed Date, the costs incurred and 
directly attributable to such event and directly relating to the Project (the “Force Majeure 
Costs”) shall be allocated and paid as follows:  
  
(a) upon occurrence of a Non-Political Event, the Parties shall bear their respective Force 
Majeure Costs and neither Party shall be required to pay to the other Party any costs 
thereof;  
(b) upon occurrence of an Indirect Political Event, all Force Majeure Costs attributable to 
such Indirect Political Event, and not exceeding the Insurance Cover for such Indirect 
Political Event, shall be borne by the Operator, and to the extent Force Majeure Costs 
exceed such Insurance Cover, one half of such excess amount shall be reimbursed by 
the Authority to the Operator; and  
(c) upon occurrence of a Political Event, all Force Majeure Costs attributable to such 
Political Event shall be reimbursed by the Authority to the Operator, provided that in 
case of a Change in Law, no additional compensation shall be payable to the Operator 
if the consequences of such Change in Law have been dealt with under and in 
accordance with the provisions of Article 36.  
  
For the avoidance of doubt, Force Majeure Costs shall only include costs directly attributable 
remedying, rectifying and/or mitigating such Force Majeure Event and shall not include 
interest payments on debt, O&M Expenses, any increase in the cost of the Fit Out Works or 
the Buses on account of inflation, loss of income or debt repayment obligations and for 
determining such costs, the Affected Party shall be required to submit such information as may 
be relevant to evidence that it has incurred such costs, including documentary proof such as 
receipts, challans, invoices etc.  
  
29.7.3  Save and except as expressly provided in this Article 29, neither Party shall be liable in any 
manner whatsoever to the other Party in respect of any loss, damage, cost, expense, claims, 
demands and proceedings relating to or arising out of occurrence or existence of any Force 
Majeure Event or exercise of any right pursuant hereto.  
  
 
  

--- Page 253 ---
 
160 
29.8 Termination Notice for Force Majeure Event  
  
29.8.1 If a Force Majeure Event affecting all, or substantially all, parts of the Project subsists for a 
period of 180 (one hundred and eighty) days or more within a continuous period of 365 (three 
hundred and sixty five) days, then and subject to Clause 29.8.2 below, either Party may in its 
discretion terminate this Agreement by issuing a Termination Notice to the other Party without 
being liable in any manner whatsoever, save as provided in this Article 29, and upon issue of 
such Termination Notice, this Agreement shall, notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained herein, stand terminated forthwith; provided that before issuing such Termination 
Notice, the Party intending to issue the Termination Notice shall inform the other Party of such 
intention and grant 15 (fifteen) days' time to make a representation, and may after the expiry 
of such 15 (fifteen) days period, whether or not it is in receipt of such representation, in its sole 
discretion issue the Termination Notice. 
 
29.8.2 If a Force Majeure Event affecting all, or substantially all, parts of the Project occurs after the 
Lot COD has been achieved for at least 80% (eighty percent) of the total Buses procured under 
this Agreement, and provided that the Authority is fulfiling its obligations under Clause 22.3.2, 
the Operator shall not have a right to terminate this Agreement for an extended Force Majeure 
Event under Clause 29.8.1 above.      
 
29.9 Termination Payment for Force Majeure Event   
  
29.9.1 If Termination is on account of a Non-Political Event, the Authority shall make a Termination 
Payment to the Operator in an amount equal to 90% (ninety per cent) of the Debt Due less 
Insurance Cover.   
  
29.9.2 If Termination is on account of an Indirect Political Event, the Authority shall make a 
Termination Payment to the Operator in an amount equal to:  
  
(a) Debt Due less Insurance Cover; provided that if any insurance claims forming part of 
the Insurance Cover are not admitted and paid, then 80% (eighty per cent) of such 
unpaid claims shall be included in the computation of Debt Due;   
(b) 110% (one hundred and ten per cent) of the Adjusted Equity; and 
(c) an amount equivalent to the Additional Termination Payment less Insurance Cover; 
provided that if any insurance claims forming part of the Insurance Cover are not 
admitted and paid, then 80% (eighty per cent) of such unpaid claims shall be included 
in computation of the amount payable hereunder.   
  
29.9.3  If Termination is on account of a Political Event, the Authority shall make a Termination 
Payment to the Operator in an amount that would be payable under Clause 32.3 as if it were 
an Authority Default.   
  
  

--- Page 254 ---
 
161 
29.10 Dispute resolution  
  
In the event that the Parties are unable to agree in good faith about the occurrence or existence 
of a Force Majeure Event, such Dispute shall be finally settled in accordance with the Dispute 
Resolution Procedure; provided that the burden of proof as to the occurrence or existence of 
such Force Majeure Event shall be upon the Party claiming relief and/or excuse on account of 
such Force Majeure Event. Asset redeployment shall be allowed while termination is in 
process. 
 
29.11 Excuse from performance of obligations  
  
If the Affected Party is rendered wholly or partially unable to perform its obligations under this 
Agreement because of a Force Majeure Event, it shall be excused from performance of such 
of its obligations to the extent it is unable to perform on account of such Force Majeure Event; 
provided that:  
  
(a) the suspension of performance shall be of no greater scope and of no longer duration 
than is reasonably required by the Force Majeure Event;  
(b) the Affected Party shall make all reasonable efforts to mitigate or limit damage to the 
other Party arising out of or as a result of the existence or occurrence of such Force 
Majeure Event and to cure the same with due diligence; and  
(c) when the Affected Party is able to resume performance of its obligations under this 
Agreement, it shall give to the other Party notice to that effect and shall promptly 
resume performance of its obligations hereunder.  
  
  

--- Page 255 ---
 
162 
ARTICLE-30 : COMPENSATION FOR BREACH OF AGREEMENT 
 
30.1 Compensation for default by the Operator  
  
In the event of the Operator being in material default or breach of this Agreement, it shall pay 
to the Authority by way of compensation, all direct costs suffered or incurred by the Authority 
as a consequence of such material default or breach, within 30 (thirty) days of receipt of the 
demand supported by necessary particulars thereof; provided that no compensation shall be 
payable under this Clause 30.1 for any default or breach in respect of which Damages are 
expressly specified and payable under this Agreement.  
  
30.2 Compensation for default by the Authority  
  
In the event of the Authority being in material default or breach of this Agreement at any time 
after the Appointed Date, it shall pay to the Operator by way of compensation, all direct costs 
suffered or incurred by the Operator as a consequence of such material default or breach within 
30 (thirty) days of receipt of the demand supported by necessary particulars thereof; provided 
that no such compensation shall be payable for any material breach or default in respect of 
which Damages have been expressly specified in this Agreement.  
 
30.3 Extension of Contract Period  
  
Subject to the provisions of Clause 30.5, in the event that a material default or breach of this 
Agreement set forth in Clause 30.2 causes delay in achieving COD, the Authority shall, in 
addition to payment of compensation under Clause 30.2, extend the Contract Period, with such 
extension being equal in duration to the period by which COD was delayed.  
  
30.4 Compensation to be in addition  
  
Compensation payable under this Article 30 shall be in addition to, and without prejudice to, 
the other rights and remedies of the Parties under this Agreement including Termination 
thereof.  
  
30.5 Mitigation of costs and damage  
  
The affected Party shall make all reasonable efforts to mitigate or limit the costs and damage 
arising out of or as a result of breach of Agreement by the other Party.  
  
  
  
  
  
  

--- Page 256 ---
 
163 
 
ARTICLE-31 : SUSPENSION OF OPERATOR’S RIGHTS 
 
31.1 Suspension upon Operator Default  
  
Upon occurrence of an Operator Default, the Authority shall be entitled, without prejudice to 
its other rights and remedies under this Agreement including its rights of Termination 
hereunder, to (a) suspend all rights of the Operator under this Agreement including the 
Operator’s right to receive the Fee, and other payments pursuant hereto, and (b) exercise such 
rights itself and perform the obligations hereunder or authorise any other person to exercise or 
perform the same on its behalf during such suspension (the “Suspension”). Suspension 
hereunder shall be effective forthwith upon issue of notice by the Authority to the Operator 
and may extend up to a period not exceeding 180 (one hundred and eighty) days from the date 
of issue of such notice.   
 
31.2 Authority to act on behalf of Operator  
  
31.2.1 During the period of Suspension, the Authority may, at its option and at the risk and cost of the 
Operator, remedy and rectify the cause of Suspension. The Authority shall be entitled to make 
deductions from the Fee for meeting the costs incurred by it for remedying and rectifying the 
cause of Suspension, and for incurring any expenses on Operation and Maintenance of Buses.  
  
31.2.2 During the period of Suspension hereunder, all assets and liabilities in relation to the Operation 
and Maintenance of Buses, including the Maintenance Depots, shall continue to vest in the 
Operator in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and all things done or actions 
taken, including expenditure incurred by the Authority for discharging the obligations of the 
Operator under and in accordance with this Agreement, shall be deemed to have been done or 
taken for and on behalf of the Operator and the Operator undertakes to indemnify the Authority 
for all costs incurred during such period. The Operator hereby licenses and sub-licenses 
respectively, the Authority or any other person authorised by it under Clause 31.1 to use during 
Suspension, all Intellectual Property belonging to or licensed to the Operator for and in respect 
of Operation and Maintenance of Buses.   
 
 31.3  Revocation of Suspension  
  
31.3.1 In the event that the Authority shall have rectified or removed the cause of Suspension within 
a period not exceeding 90 (ninety) days from the date of Suspension, it shall revoke the 
Suspension forthwith and restore all rights of the Operator under this Agreement. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Parties expressly agree that the Authority may, in its discretion, revoke 
the Suspension at any time, whether or not the cause of Suspension has been rectified or 
removed hereunder.  
  

--- Page 257 ---
 
164 
31.3.2 Upon the Operator having cured the Operator Default within a period not exceeding 90 (ninety) 
days from the date of Suspension, the Authority shall revoke the Suspension forthwith and 
restore all rights of the Operator under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Authority shall provide access to the Maintenance Depots and Buses, as the case may be, to 
enable the Operator to cure the Operator Default hereunder.  
 
 31.4  Termination  
  
31.4.1 At any time during the period of Suspension under this Article 31, the Operator may by notice 
require the Authority to revoke the Suspension and issue a Termination Notice. The Authority 
shall, within 15 (fifteen) days of receipt of such notice, terminate this Agreement under and in 
accordance with Article 32 as if it is an Operator Default under Clause 32.1.  
  
31.4.2 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, and in the absence of 
any mutual agreement between the Parties to the contrary, in the event that Suspension is not 
revoked within 180 (one hundred and eighty) days from the date of Suspension hereunder, the 
Agreement shall, upon expiry of the aforesaid period, be deemed to have been terminated by 
mutual agreement of the Parties and all the provisions of this Agreement shall apply, mutatis 
mutandis, to such Termination as if a Termination Notice had been issued by the Authority 
upon occurrence of an Operator Default.  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

--- Page 258 ---
 
165 
ARTICLE-32 : TERMINATION 
 
  
 32.1 Termination for Operator Default  
  
32.1.1  Save as otherwise provided in this Agreement, in the event that any of the defaults specified 
below shall have occurred, and the Operator fails to cure the default within the Cure Period set 
forth below, or where no Cure Period is specified, then within a Cure Period of 120 (one 
hundred and twenty) days, the Operator shall be deemed to be in default of this Agreement (an 
“Operator Default”), unless the default has occurred as a result of any breach of this 
Agreement by the Authority, the Authority's Representative or due to Force Majeure. The 
defaults referred to herein shall mean and include the following:  
  
(a) The Performance Security has been encashed and appropriated in accordance with 
Clause 9.2, and the Operator fails to replenish or provide fresh Performance Security, 
within a Cure Period of 30 (thirty) days;  
  
(b) subsequent to the replenishment or furnishing of fresh Performance Security in 
accordance with Clause 9.2, the Operator fails to cure, within a Cure Period of 120 
(one hundred and twenty) days, the Operator Default for which whole or part of the 
Performance Security was appropriated;  
  
(c) the Operator fails to complete the Fit Out Works for the Maintenance Depots within 
270 (two hundred and seventy) days from the Scheduled Maintenance Depot 
Completion Date, as may be extended in accordance with the terms of this Agreement; 
 
(d) the Operator fails to supply the Prototype within the period specified in Clause 13.6;  
  
(e) the Operator fails to procure and deliver the Buses in accordance with the Delivery 
Schedule and the amount of Damages payable by the Operator for such delay exceeds 
the maximum amount specified in Clause 13.9.2.  
 
(f) the Operator is in material breach of the Maintenance Requirements or the Safety 
Requirements, as the case may be; 
 
(g) the Operator is in breach of its obligations under Clause 19.7;  
  
(h) the Operator has failed to make any payment to the Authority within the period 
specified in this Agreement and the Authority is unable to set-off such amounts from 
amounts due from it to the Operator in accordance with the terms of this Agreement;  
 

--- Page 259 ---
 
166 
(i) a failure by the Operator to achieve the Key Performance Indicators set out in Clauses 
20.2 and 20.4 to 20.7 such that the Damages payable by the Operator for such failure 
exceeds the maximum amount specified in Clause 20.10 in any 6 (six) consecutive 
months or for aggregated 18 months during the period of the Agreement; 
 
(j) a failure by the Operator to achieve the Key Performance Indicators set out in Clause 
20.3 such that the Damages payable by the Operator for such failure exceeds the 
maximum amount specified in Clause 20.10 for 3 (three) consecutive months; 
 
(k) a material breach of any of the Project Agreements by the Operator has caused a 
Material Adverse Effect on the Authority;  
 
(l) the Operator creates any Encumbrance in breach of this Agreement;  
 
(m) the Operator repudiates this Agreement (or any part thereof) or otherwise takes any 
action or evidences or conveys an intention not to be bound by the Agreement (or any 
part thereof);  
 
(n) a Change in Ownership has occurred in breach of the provisions of Clause 5.3;  
 
(o) there is a transfer, pursuant to law either of (i) the rights and/or obligations of the 
Operator under any of the Project Agreements, or of (ii) all or part of the assets or 
undertaking of the Operator, and such transfer causes a Material Adverse Effect on the 
Authority;  
 
(p) an execution levied on any of the assets of the Operator has caused a Material Adverse 
Effect on the Authority; 
  
(q) the Operator is adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, or if a trustee or receiver is appointed 
for the Operator or for the whole or material part of its assets that has a material bearing 
on the Project;  
 
(r) the Operator suffers an Insolvency Event;  
 
(s) The Operator has been, or is in the process of being amalgamated or reconstituted  in  
a  manner  that  would  cause,  in  the  reasonable  opinion  of  the Authority, a Material 
Adverse Effect provided that, the same shall not be considered to be an Operator 
Default if, as part of such amalgamation or reconstruction, the entire property, assets 
and undertaking of the Operator are transferred to the amalgamated or reconstructed 
entity and that the amalgamated or reconstructed entity has unconditionally assumed 

--- Page 260 ---
 
167 
the obligations of the Operator under this Agreement and the Project Agreements; and 
provided that:  
 
(i) the amalgamated or reconstructed entity has the capability and operating 
experience necessary for the performance of its obligations under this 
Agreement and the Project Agreements;  
 
(ii) the amalgamated or reconstructed entity has the financial standing to perform 
its obligations under this Agreement and the Project Agreements and has a 
credit worthiness at least as good as that of the Operator as at the Appointed 
Date; and  
 
(iii) each of the Project Agreements remains in full force and effect;  
 
For avoidance of doubt, an amalgamation or reconstitution meeting the conditions set 
out in sub-clauses (i)–(iii) above shall not constitute an Operator Default under this 
Agreement. 
(t) any representation or warranty of the Operator herein contained which is, as of the date 
hereof, found to be materially false or the Operator is at any time hereafter found to be 
in breach thereof;  
 
(u) the Operator submits to the Authority any false statement, notice or other document, 
in written or electronic form, which has a Material Adverse Effect on the Authority;  
 
(v) the Operator has failed to fulfil any obligation, for which failure Termination has been 
specified in this Agreement; or   
 
(w) a Suspension of this Agreement pursuant to Clause 31 (to the extent such Suspension 
is directly attributable to the Operator) for a period exceeding 180 (one hundred and 
eighty) days; 
 
(x) the Operator commits a default in complying with any other provision of this 
Agreement if such default causes a Material Adverse Effect on the Authority and the 
Operator fails to cure such default in a Cure Period of 120 (one hundred and twenty) 
days.  
 
32.1.2 Without prejudice to any other rights or remedies which the Authority may have under this 
Agreement, upon occurrence of an Operator Default, the Authority shall be entitled to 
terminate this Agreement by issuing a Termination Notice to the Operator; provided that before 
issuing the Termination Notice, the Authority shall by a notice inform the Operator of its 
intention to issue such Termination Notice and grant 15 (fifteen) days to the Operator to make 

--- Page 261 ---
 
168 
a representation, and may after the expiry of such 15 (fifteen) days, whether or not it is in 
receipt of such representation, issue the Termination Notice subject to the provisions of Clause 
32.1.3.  
  
32.1.3 The Authority shall, if there be Senior Lenders, send a copy of its notice of intention to issue a 
Termination Notice referred to in Clause 31.4.1 to inform the Lenders’ Representative and 
grant 15 (fifteen) days to the Lenders’ Representative, for making a representation on behalf 
of the Senior Lenders stating the intention to substitute the Operator in accordance with the 
Substitution Agreement. In the event the Authority receives such representation on behalf of 
Senior Lenders, it shall, in its discretion, either withhold Termination for a period not 
exceeding 180 (one hundred and eighty) days from the date of such representation or exercise 
its right of Suspension, as the case may be, for enabling the Lenders’ Representative to exercise 
the Senior Lenders’ right of substitution in accordance with the Substitution Agreement:  
  
Provided that the Lenders’ Representative may, instead of exercising the Senior Lenders’ right 
of substitution, (i) procure that the default specified in the notice is cured within the aforesaid 
period of 180 (one hundred and eighty) days, and upon such curing thereof, the Authority shall 
withdraw its notice referred to above and restore all the rights of the Operator, or (ii) issue a 
notice to the Authority requiring it to terminate the Agreement, and upon such notice being 
issued, the Authority shall, forthwith, immediately terminate this Agreement.   
  
Provided further that upon written request from the Lenders’ Representative and the Operator, 
the Government shall extend the aforesaid period of 180 (one hundred and eighty) days by 
such further period not exceeding 90 (ninety) days, as the Authority may deem appropriate.  
 
  
 32.2  Termination for Authority Default  
  
32.2.1  In the event that any of the defaults specified below shall have occurred, and the Authority 
fails to cure such default within a Cure Period of 90 (ninety) days or such longer period as has 
been expressly provided in this Agreement, the Authority shall be deemed to be in default of 
this Agreement (the “Authority Default”) unless the default has occurred as a result of any 
breach of this Agreement by the Operator or due to Force Majeure. The defaults referred to 
herein shall mean and include the following:  
 
(a) the Authority commits a material default in complying with any of the provisions of 
this Agreement and such default has a Material Adverse Effect on the Operator;  
(b) the Authority has failed to make any payments to the Operator in accordance with the 
provisions of this Agreement.  
(c) the Authority fails to provide the Right of Way to the Depot Sites in accordance with 
the terms of this Agreement;  
(d) an assignment by the Authority, of its rights, interests and obligations under this 
Agreement in contravention of Clause 35.5; or 
(e) the Authority repudiates this Agreement or otherwise takes any action that amounts to 
or manifests an irrevocable intention not to be bound by this Agreement.   

--- Page 262 ---
 
169 
 
32.2.2  Without prejudice to any other right or remedy which the Operator may have under this 
Agreement, upon occurrence of an Authority Default, the Operator shall be entitled to 
terminate this Agreement by issuing a Termination Notice to the Authority, with a copy to the 
CESL; provided that before issuing the Termination Notice, the Operator shall by a notice 
(which shall also be copied to CESL) inform the Authority of its intention to issue the 
Termination Notice and grant 15 (fifteen) days to the Authority to make a representation, and 
may after the expiry of such 15 (fifteen) days, whether or not it is in receipt of such 
representation, issue the Termination Notice.  
  
 
 32.3  Termination Payment  
 
   
32.3.1  Upon Termination on account of an Operator Default after COD, the Authority shall pay to the 
Operator, by way of Termination Payment, an amount equal to:  
 
(a) 90% (ninety per cent) of the Debt Due less Insurance Cover; and  
 
(b) 70% (seventy per cent) of the amount representing the Additional Termination Payment.  
  
Provided that if any insurance claims forming part of the Insurance Cover are not admitted and 
paid, then 80% (eighty per cent) of such unpaid claims shall be included in the computation of 
Debt Due.   
  
Provided further that, in computing the Termination Payment due to the Operator, the Authority 
shall deduct an amount equal to any Subsidy and Government Fiscal Assistance received by 
the Operator from the Program Manager and/or the Authority.  Further, upon Termination on 
account of an Operator Default prior to the Lot COD of the first Lot of Buses, the Authority 
shall have the right to take over the Fit Out Works in progress in which case it shall pay to the 
Operator an amount equal to the actual capital cost of the Fit Out Works completed by the 
Operator up until the date of Termination as verified. 
 
    
32.3.2  Upon Termination on account of an Authority Default at any time after the Appointed Date, 
the Authority shall pay to the Operator, by way of Termination Payment, an amount equal to:  
 
(a) Debt Due; 
(b) 150% (one hundred and fifty per cent) of the Adjusted Equity; and  
(c)  115% (one hundred and fifteen per cent) of the amount representing the Additional 
Termination Payment.  
    
It is further clarified that in case of termination on account of an Authority Default, the 
Authority shall return the Performance Security available with it at the time (if not already 
released). 
  
32.3.3  Termination Payment shall become due and payable to the Operator within 60 (sixty) days of 
a demand being made by the Operator to the Authority with the necessary particulars, and in 

--- Page 263 ---
 
170 
the event of any delay, the Authority shall pay interest at a rate equal to 3% (three per cent 
above the Bank Rate on the amount of Termination Payment remaining unpaid; provided that 
such delay shall not exceed 90 (ninety) days of a demand being made by the Operator to the 
Authority with the necessary particulars; provided further that liability of the Authority to make 
the Termination Payment hereof is subject to the fulfilment of the Divestment Requirements 
in accordance with the provisions of Article 33 of this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, 
it is expressly agreed that Termination Payment shall constitute full discharge by the Authority 
of its payment obligations in respect thereof hereunder. 
 
32.3.4  Upon Termination on expiry of the Contract Period by efflux of time, no Termination Payment 
shall be due and payable to the Operator; provided that in the event any Project Assets shall 
have been acquired and installed after the 5th (fifth) anniversary of the COD, with prior written 
consent of the Authority, which consent shall not be unreasonably denied, a Termination 
Payment equal to 80% (eighty percent) of the Adjusted Depreciated Value of such assets and 
equipment shall be deemed to be Debt Due for the purposes of Termination Payment. Provided 
that, any Project Assets acquired by the Operator without the prior written consent of the 
Authority shall not be taken into account when calculating the Termination Payment under this 
Clause 32.3.4 and such Project Assets shall remain the property of the Operator after 
Termination and the Operator may dispose of such Project Assets as it deems fit. 
  
32.3.5  The Operator expressly agrees that Termination Payment under this Article 32 shall constitute 
a full and final settlement of all claims of the Operator on account of Termination of this 
Agreement for any reason whatsoever and that the Operator or any shareholder thereof shall 
not have any further right or claim under any law, treaty, convention, contract or otherwise.  
 
 
 32.4  Certain limitations on Termination Payment  
  
32.4.1  Termination Payment, not being Additional Termination Payment, due and payable under this 
Agreement shall be limited to the Debt Due and Adjusted Equity, as the case may be, which 
form part of the Total Project Cost in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement; 
provided that the amount payable in respect of any Debt Due expressed in foreign currency 
shall be computed at the Reference Exchange Rate for conversion into the relevant foreign 
currency as on the date of Termination Payment.  For the avoidance of doubt, it is agreed that 
within a period of 60 (sixty) days from COD, the Operator shall notify to the Authority, the 
Total Project Cost as on COD and its disaggregation between Debt Due and Equity, and only 
the amounts so conveyed shall form the basis of computing Termination Payment, and it is 
further agreed that in the event such disaggregation is not notified to the Authority, Equity shall 
be deemed to be the amount arrived at by subtracting Debt Due from Total Project Cost. The 
Parties also agree that for the purposes of computing Termination Payment, the Debt Due shall 
at no time exceed 70 % (seventy per cent) of the Total Project Cost.  
  
32.4.2 The Operator may only construct, acquire or install any Specified Assets after the 5th (fifth) 
anniversary of COD, but before the 10th (tenth) anniversary thereof (and excluding land), with 
the prior written consent of the Authority and which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld 
by the Authority.  Provided that, any Project Assets constructed, acquired or installed by the 
Operator without the prior written consent of the Authority shall not be taken into account 
when calculating any “Additional Termination Payment” due to the Operator under this 

--- Page 264 ---
 
171 
Article 32 and such Project Assets shall remain the property of the Operator after Termination 
and the Operator may dispose of such Project Assets as it deems fit.  
 
  

--- Page 265 ---
 
172 
 
 32.5  Other rights and obligations of the Authority  
  
Upon Termination for any reason whatsoever, the Authority shall:  
 
(a) take possession and control of the Buses, provided that the Termination has occurred 
after COD; 
(b) take possession and control of the Maintenance Depots (including the Charging 
Infrastructure) forthwith;  
(c) take possession and control of all materials, stores, implements, plants and equipment 
on or about the Maintenance Depots;  
(d) be entitled to restrain the Operator and any person claiming through or under the 
Operator from entering upon the Maintenance Depots or any part of the Authority's 
premises;  
(e) require the Operator to comply with the Divestment Requirements set forth in Clause 
33.1; and  
(f) succeed upon election by the Authority, without the necessity of any further action by 
the Operator, to the interests of the Operator under such of the Project Agreements as 
the Authority may in its discretion deem appropriate, and shall upon such election be 
liable to the Contractors only for compensation accruing and becoming due and 
payable to them under the terms of their respective Project Agreements from and after 
the date the Authority elects to succeed to the interests of the Operator. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Operator acknowledges and agrees that all sums claimed by 
such Contractors as being due and owing for works and services performed or accruing 
on account of any act, omission or event prior to such date shall constitute debt between 
the Operator and such Contractors, and the Authority shall not in any manner be liable 
for such sums. It is further agreed that in the event the Authority elects to cure any 
outstanding defaults under such Project Agreements, the amount expended by the 
Authority for this purpose shall be deducted from the Termination Payment.  
 
 32.6  Survival of rights  
  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, but subject to the 
provisions of Clause 32.3.5, any Termination pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement 
shall be without prejudice to the accrued rights of either Party including its right to claim and 
recover money damages, insurance proceeds, security deposits, and other rights and remedies, 
which it may have in law or contract. All rights and obligations of either Party under this 
Agreement, including Termination Payments and Divestment Requirements, shall survive the 
Termination to the extent such survival is necessary for giving effect to such rights and 
obligations.  
  

--- Page 266 ---
 
173 
  
ARTICLE-33  :  DIVESTMENT OF RIGHTS AND INTEREST 
 
 33.1  Divestment requirements upon expiry of the Contract Period  
  
33.1.1  Upon expiry of the Contract Period, the Operator shall comply with and conform to the 
following divestment requirements (the “Divestment Requirements”), no later than 15 
(fifteen) days from the date of expiry of the Contract Period:   
  
(a) remove all its personnel and vacate and deliver forthwith the actual or constructive 
possession of the Maintenance Depots along with the infrastructure therein and any 
Opportunity Charging Stations, free and clear of all Encumbrances;  
(b) cure the equipment at the Maintenance Depots, Charging Infrastructure and 
Opportunity Charging Stations (if applicable) of any defect or deficiency such that it 
can continue to be used efficiently and economically in accordance with Good Industry 
Practice, provided that if such defects and deficiencies have arisen on account of 
accidents, vandalism, arson, riot or natural calamity occurring (in each case for reasons 
not directly attributable to the Operator) no earlier than 120 (one hundred and twenty) 
days prior to the expiry of the Contract Period, the Authority shall grant to the Operator 
such additional time, not exceeding 240 (two hundred forty) days from the date of 
expiry of the Contract Period, as may be reasonably required for repair and rectification 
thereof;  
(c) provide to the Authority a license or sub-license, free of any Encumbrances, with 
respect to all Intellectual Property pertaining to the Maintenance Depots, the Charging 
Infrastructure and the Opportunity Charging Stations, if any, including transferring all 
relevant records, reports, software (including software codes) and manuals, and 
complete ‘as built’ Drawings as on the Transfer Date so as to enable the Authority to 
operate and maintain the Maintenance Depots, the Charging Infrastructure and the 
Opportunity Charging Stations, and execute such deeds of conveyance, documents and 
other writings as the Authority may reasonably require in connection therewith. For 
the avoidance of doubt, the Operator represents and warrants that the Intellectual 
Property shall be adequate and complete for the operation and maintenance of the 
Maintenance Depots, the Charging Infrastructure and Opportunity Charging Stations;  
(d) transfer and/or deliver to the Authority all Applicable Permits in respect of the 
Maintenance Depots, the Charging Infrastructure and Opportunity Charging Stations, 
if any, to the extent permissible under Applicable Laws;  
(e) execute such deeds of conveyance, documents and other writings as the Authority may 
reasonably require for conveying, divesting and assigning all the rights, title and 
interest of the Operator in respect of the outstanding insurance claims to the extent due 
and payable to the Authority;   
(f) execute such deeds of conveyance, documents and other writings as the Authority may 
reasonably require for conveying, divesting and assigning all the rights, title and 
interest of the Operator in the Maintenance Depots, the Charging Infrastructure and 
the Opportunity Charging Stations, if any; and  

--- Page 267 ---
 
174 
(g) comply with all other requirements as may be prescribed or required under Applicable 
Laws for completing the divestment and assignment of all rights, title and interest of 
the Operator in the Maintenance Depots, the Charging Infrastructure and the 
Opportunity Charging Stations, if any, and Insurance Cover, free from all 
Encumbrances, absolutely unto the Authority or to its nominee.  
  
33.2 Inspection and cure  
  
Not earlier than 90 (ninety) days prior to expiry of the Contract Period, but not later than [15 
(fifteen)] days prior to the effective date of such expiry, the Authority shall verify, after giving 
due notice to the Operator specifying the time, date and place of such verification and/or 
inspection, compliance by the Operator with the Maintenance Obligations, and if required, 
cause appropriate tests to be carried out at the Operator’s cost for this purpose. The Operator 
shall at its own cost and expense, cure defaults if any, in the Maintenance Obligations and the 
provisions of Article 32 shall apply, mutatis mutandis, in relation to curing of defects or 
deficiencies under this Article 33.  
  
33.3 Cooperation and assistance on transfer of Maintenance Depots  
  
33.3.1 The Parties shall cooperate on a best effort basis and take all necessary measures, in good faith, 
to achieve a smooth transfer of the assets specified in Clause 33.1.1 in accordance with the 
provisions of this Agreement so as to protect the safety of and avoid undue delay or 
inconvenience to the Users, other members of the public or the lawful occupiers of any part of 
the Depot Sites.  
  
33.3.2 The Authority shall have the option to purchase or hire from the Operator at a fair market value 
and free from any Encumbrance all or any part of the plant and machinery used in connection 
with the Project but which does not form part of the assets specified in Clause 33.1.1 and is 
reasonably required in connection with operation of the Maintenance Depots. For the 
avoidance of doubt, in the event of Dispute or difference relating to the determination of the 
fair market value of such plant and machinery, the Dispute Resolution Procedure shall apply.   
 
 33.4  Divestment requirements upon termination  
  
33.4.1  Upon Termination after COD and before the expiry of the Contract Period, the Operator shall 
comply with and conform to the following divestment requirements (the “Divestment 
Requirements”), no later than 15 (fifteen) days from the date of Termination:   
  
(a) procure and deliver forthwith title to, and actual or constructive possession of the Buses 
and vacate and handover actual or constructive possession of the Maintenance Depots, 
the Charging Infrastructure and the Opportunity Charging Stations, if any, free and 
clear of all Encumbrances;   
 

--- Page 268 ---
 
175 
(b) cure the Maintenance Depots, all Buses, Charging Infrastructure and Opportunity 
Charging Stations, if any, of all defects and deficiencies so that the Maintenance 
Depots, Buses, Charging Infrastructure and Opportunity Charging Stations are 
compliant with the Maintenance Obligations; provided that if such defects and 
deficiencies have arisen on account of accidents, vandalism, arson, riot or natural 
calamity occurring no earlier than 120 (one hundred and twenty) days prior to such 
Termination, the Authority shall grant to the Operator such additional time, not 
exceeding 240 (two hundred forty) days from the date of expiry of the Contract Period, 
as may be reasonably required for repair and rectification thereof;  
(c) provide to the Authority a license or sub-license, free of any Encumbrances, with 
respect to all Intellectual Property pertaining to the Buses, Maintenance Depots, 
Charging Infrastructure and Opportunity Charging Stations including transferring all 
relevant records, reports, software and manuals and complete ‘as built’ Drawings as 
on the Transfer Date so as to enable the Authority to operate and maintain the Buses, 
Maintenance Depots, Charging Infrastructure and Opportunity Charging Stations and 
execute such deeds of conveyance, documents and other writings as the Authority may 
reasonably require in connection therewith. For the avoidance of doubt, the Operator 
represents and warrants that the Intellectual Property shall be adequate and complete 
for the Operation and Maintenance of the Buses, Maintenance Depots, Charging 
Infrastructure and Opportunity Charging Stations and shall be assigned or licensed to 
the Authority free of any Encumbrance for the operational life of these assets;  
(d) transfer and/or deliver to the Authority all Applicable Permits in respect of the Buses, 
Maintenance Depots, Charging Infrastructure and Opportunity Charging Stations to 
the extent permissible under Applicable Laws; 
(e) take all necessary steps to safeguard and protect the Buses, the Charging Infrastructure, 
the Opportunity Charging Stations, if any, the Maintenance Depot(s) and all other 
equipment, materials and goods on the Depot Site; 
 
(f) execute such deeds of conveyance, documents and other writings as the Authority may 
reasonably require for conveying, divesting and assigning all the rights, title and 
interest of the Operator in respect of the outstanding insurance claims to the extent due 
and payable to the Authority;   
 
(g) execute such deeds of conveyance, documents and other writings as the Authority may 
reasonably require for conveying, divesting and assigning all the rights, title and 
interest of the Operator in the Buses, Maintenance Depots, Charging Infrastructure and 
Opportunity Charging Stations; and 
  
(h) comply with all other requirements as may be prescribed or required under Applicable 
Laws for completing the divestment and assignment of all rights, title and interest of 
the Operator in the Buses, Maintenance Depots, Charging Infrastructure and 
Opportunity Charging Stations free from all Encumbrances, absolutely unto the 
Authority or to its nominee.  
  
33.4.2  Subject to the exercise by the Authority of its rights under this Agreement or any of the Project 
Agreements to perform or procure the performance by a third party of any of the obligations 
of the Operator, the Parties shall continue to perform their obligations under this Agreement 

--- Page 269 ---
 
176 
notwithstanding the giving of any Termination Notice until the Termination of this Agreement 
becomes effective in accordance with its terms. 
 
33.4.3 Upon Termination of this Agreement prior to the Lot COD of the First Lot of Buses, if the 
Authority exercises its right to take over the Fit Out Works, the Operator shall be required to 
handover peaceful possession of the Depot Sites and any Fit Out Works to the Authority no 
later than 15 (fifteen) days from the date of Termination. If the Authority chooses not to take 
over the Fit Out Works, the Operator shall clear the Depot Site(s) and handover vacant, 
peaceful possession of the Depot Site(s) to the Authority no later than 30 (thirty) days from the 
date of Termination. 
 
33.5 Vesting Certificate  
  
The divestment of all rights, title and interest in the assets specified in Clause 33.1.1 shall be 
deemed to be complete on the date on which all of the Divestment Requirements have been 
fulfiled, and the Authority shall, without unreasonable delay, thereupon issue a certificate 
substantially in the form set forth in Schedule-O (the “Vesting Certificate”), which will have 
the effect of constituting evidence of divestment by the Operator of all of its rights, title and 
interest in such assets, and their vesting in the Authority pursuant hereto. It is expressly agreed 
that any defect or deficiency in the Divestment Requirements shall not in any manner be 
construed or interpreted as restricting the exercise of any rights by the Authority or its nominee 
on, or in respect of, the Buses and Maintenance Depots on the footing that all Divestment 
Requirements have been complied with by the Operator.  
 
33.6 Divestment costs etc.  
  
33.6.1 Upon expiry of the Contract Period, the Authority shall bear and pay, all costs incidental to 
divestment of all of the rights, title and interest of the Operator in the Maintenance Depots, 
Charging Infrastructure and the Opportunity Charging Stations, if any, in favour of the 
Authority. It is further clarified that Authority will not reimburse/ bear and pay the capital cost 
of any of the assets which are to be transferred to the Authority. 
  
33.6.2 In the event of Termination attributable to the Operator, the Operator shall bear and pay all 
costs incidental to divestment of all of the rights, title and interest of the Operator in the Buses, 
Maintenance Depots, Charging Infrastructure and Opportunity Charging Stations, if any, in 
favour of the Authority upon such Termination.   
  
33.6.3 In the event of Termination attributable to the Authority, the Authority shall bear and pay all 
costs incidental to divestment of all of the rights, title and interest of the Operator in the Buses, 
Maintenance Depots, Charging Infrastructure and Opportunity Charging Stations, if any, in 
favour of the Authority upon such Termination. It is further clarified that Authority will not 
reimburse the capital cost of any of the assets which are to be transferred to the Authority. 
  

--- Page 270 ---
 
177 
33.6.4 In the event of any Dispute relating to matters covered by and under this Article 33, the Dispute 
Resolution Procedure shall apply.  
  

--- Page 271 ---
 
178 
ARTICLE-34 : DEFECTS LIABILITY AFTER TERMINATION 
 
34.1 Liability for defects after Termination  
  
The Operator shall be responsible for all defects and deficiencies in the Buses, Maintenance 
Depots, Charging Infrastructure and Opportunity Charging Stations, if any, for a period of 
within  180 (one hundred and eighty) days after Termination, and it shall have the obligation 
to repair or rectify, at its own cost, all defects and deficiencies observed by the Authority in 
the Buses, Maintenance Depots, Charging Infrastructure and Opportunity Charging Stations 
during the aforesaid period. In the event that the Operator fails to repair or rectify such defect 
or deficiency within a period of 15 (fifteen) days from the date of notice issued by the Authority 
in this behalf, the Authority shall be entitled to get the same repaired or rectified at the 
Operator’s risk and cost. All costs incurred by the Authority hereunder shall be reimbursed by 
the Operator to the Authority within 15 (fifteen) days of receipt of demand thereof, and in the 
event of default in reimbursing such costs, the Authority shall be entitled to recover the same 
from the Escrow Account.  
 
 
34.2 Retention in Escrow Account  
  
34.2.1 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, but subject to the 
provisions of Clause 34.2.3, a sum equal to 10% (ten per cent) of the total Fee in respect of the 
Contract Year immediately preceding the Transfer Date shall be retained by the Authority for 
a period of 180 (one hundred and eighty) days after Termination for meeting the liabilities, if 
any, arising out of or in connection with the provisions of Clause 34.1.  
34.2.2 Without prejudice to the provisions of Clause 34.2.1, the Authority shall carry out an inspection 
of the Buses, Maintenance Depots, Charging Infrastructure and Opportunity Charging Stations, 
if any, at any time between 180 (one hundred and eighty) and 15 (fifteen) days prior to the 
Transfer Date and if it determines that the status of the Buses, Maintenance Depots, Charging 
Infrastructure or Opportunity Charging Stations is such that a sum larger than the amount 
stipulated in Clause 34.2.1 should be retained by the Authority and for a period longer than the 
aforesaid 180 (one hundred and eighty) days, the amount so determined, subject to a ceiling 
equivalent to twice the amount specified in Clause 34.2.1 shall be retained by the Authority for 
a period not exceeding 240 (two hundred and forty) days.  
34.2.3 The Operator may, for the performance of its obligations under this Article 34, provide to the 
Authority a guarantee from a Bank for a sum equivalent to the amount determined under Clause 
34.2.1 or 34.2.2, as the case may be, and for the period specified therein, substantially in the 
form set forth in Schedule-D (“Performance Security”), to be modified, mutatis mutandis, for 
this purpose, and the Authority shall, without prejudice to its other rights and remedies 
hereunder or in law, be entitled to encash and appropriate the required amounts from the 
Performance Security for undertaking the repairs or rectification at the Operator’s risk and cost 
in accordance with the provisions of this Article 34. Upon furnishing of a Performance Security 
under this Clause 34.2.3, the retention of funds in terms of Clause 34.2.1 or 34.2.2, as the case 
may be, shall be dispensed with.  
  

--- Page 272 ---
 
179 
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
6. Part VI Other Provisions  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

--- Page 273 ---
 
180 
ARTICLE-35 : ASSIGNMENT AND CHARGES 
  
 35.1 Ownership of Project Assets 
 
35.1.1 The Operator shall be the legal and beneficial owner, or shall have legal and beneficial right of 
use, of the Project Assets during the Contract Period and up until the divestment of its rights 
in the Project Assets in accordance with Article 33. 
 
 35.2 Restrictions on assignment and charges  
  
35.2.1  Subject to Clause 35.3, this Agreement shall not be assigned by the Operator to any person, 
save and except with the prior consent in writing of the Authority.  
  
35.2.2  Subject to the provisions of Clause 35.3, the Operator shall not create nor permit to subsist any 
Encumbrance, or otherwise transfer or dispose of all or any of its rights and benefits under this 
Agreement or any Project Agreement to which the Operator is a party except with prior consent 
in writing of the Authority, which consent the Authority shall be entitled to decline without 
assigning any reason.  
  
 
 35.3  Permitted assignment and charges  
  
The restraints set forth in Clause 35.2 shall not apply to:  
  
(a) liens arising by operation of law (or by an agreement evidencing the same) in the 
ordinary course of business of the Operator;  
 
(b) mortgages/pledges/hypothecation of goods/assets, and their related documents of 
title, other than Project Assets, arising or created in the ordinary course of business of 
the Operator, and as security only for indebtedness to the Senior Lenders under the 
Financing Agreements and/or for working capital arrangements for the Project;  
 
(c) assignment of rights, interest and obligations of the Operator to or in favour of the 
Lenders’ Representative as nominee and for the benefit the Senior Lenders, to the 
extent covered by an in accordance with the Substitution Agreement as security for 
financing provided by the Senior Lenders under the Financing Agreements; and  
(d) retention of title and ownership of the Buses by the Lessors, if any;  
(e) liens or encumbrances required by any Applicable Law. 
(f) subcontracting limited to operations of the buses; and 
(g) any assignment of Insurance Policy in favour of Lenders as per the Financing 
Agreements. 
  
  

--- Page 274 ---
 
181 
 
 35.4  Substitution Agreement  
  
35.4.1 The Lenders’ Representative, on behalf of Senior Lenders, or Lessor(s) if any may exercise the 
right to substitute the Operator pursuant to the agreement for substitution of the Operator (the 
“Substitution Agreement”) to be entered into amongst the Operator, the Authority and the 
Lenders’ Representative, on behalf of Senior Lenders, substantially in the form set forth in 
Schedule-Q. 
  
35.4.2 Upon substitution of the Operator under and in accordance with the Substitution Agreement, 
the Nominated Company substituting the Operator shall be deemed to be the Operator under 
this Agreement and shall enjoy all rights and be responsible for all obligations of the Operator 
under this Agreement as if it were the Operator; provided that where the Operator is in breach 
of this Agreement on the date of such substitution, the Authority shall by notice grant a Cure 
Period of 120 (one hundred and twenty) days to the Operator for curing such breach.  
  
 
 35.5  Assignment by the Authority  
  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Authority may, after 
giving 60 (sixty) days’ notice to the Operator, assign and/ or transfer any of its rights and 
benefits and/or obligations under this Agreement to an assignee who shall, at a minimum, have 
a credit rating (set by a reputed credit rating agency) that is equal to or better than that of the 
Authority as of the date of such assignment.   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

--- Page 275 ---
 
182 
ARTICLE-36 : CHANGE IN LAW 
 
36.1 Increase in costs  
  
If as a result of Change in Law, the Operator suffers an increase in costs or reduction in net 
after-tax return or other financial burden, the Operator may so notify the Authority. Upon the 
issuance of a notice by the Operator, the Parties shall meet, as soon as reasonably practicable 
but no later than 30 (thirty) days from the date of notice, and either agree on any amendments 
to this Agreement or on any other mutually agreed arrangement by which the Authority will 
compensate the Operator.  
  
Provided that if no agreement is reached within 90 (ninety) days of the aforesaid notice, the 
Operator may by notice require the Authority to pay an amount that would place the Operator 
in the same financial position that it would have enjoyed had there been no such Change in 
Law, and within 15 (fifteen) days of receipt of such notice, along with particulars thereof, the 
Authority shall pay the amount specified therein; provided that if the Authority shall dispute 
such claim of the Operator, the same shall be settled in accordance with the Dispute Resolution 
Procedure. For the avoidance of doubt, it is agreed that this Clause 36.1 shall be restricted to 
changes in law directly affecting the Operator’s costs of performing its obligations under this 
Agreement.  
 
36.2 Reduction in costs  
  
If as a result of Change in Law, the Operator benefits from a reduction in costs or increase in 
net after-tax return or other financial gains,  the Authority may so notify the Operator and 
propose amendments to this Agreement so as to place the Operator in the same financial 
position as it would have enjoyed had there been no such Change in Law resulting in decreased 
costs, increase in return or other financial gains as aforesaid. Upon notice by the Authority, the 
Parties shall meet, as soon as reasonably practicable but no later than 30 (thirty) days from the 
date of notice, and either agree on such amendments to this Agreement or on any other mutually 
agreed arrangement.  
  
 
Provided that if no agreement is reached within 90 (ninety) days of the aforesaid notice, the 
Authority may by notice require the Operator to pay an amount that would place the Operator 
in the same financial position that it would have enjoyed had there been no such Change in 
Law, and within 15 (fifteen) days of receipt of such notice, along with particulars thereof, the 
Operator shall pay the amount specified therein to the Authority; provided that if the Operator 
shall dispute such claim of the Authority, the same shall be settled in accordance with the 
Dispute Resolution Procedure. For the avoidance of doubt, it is agreed that this Clause 36.2 
shall be restricted to changes in law directly affecting the Operator’s costs of performing its 
obligations under this Agreement.  
 
  

--- Page 276 ---
 
183 
 
36.3 Protection of NPV  
  
Pursuant to the provisions of Clauses 36.1 and 36.2 and for the purposes of placing the Operator 
in the same financial position as it would have enjoyed had there been no Change in Law 
affecting the costs, returns or other financial burden or gains, the Parties shall endeavour to 
establish a net present value (the “NPV”) of the net cash flow and make necessary adjustments 
in costs, revenues, compensation or other relevant parameters, as the case may be, to procure 
that the NPV of the net cash flow is the same as it would have been if no Change in Law had 
occurred. For the avoidance of doubt, the Parties expressly agree that for determination of 
NPV, the discount rate to be used shall be equal to the weighted average rate of interest at 
which the Operator has raised its debt under its Financing Agreements.  
 
36.4 Restriction on cash compensation  
  
The Parties acknowledge and agree that the demand for cash compensation under this Article 
36 shall be restricted to the effect of Change in Law during the respective Accounting Year 
and shall be made at any time after commencement of such year, but no later than 1 (one) year 
from the close of such Accounting Year. Any demand for cash compensation payable for and 
in respect of any subsequent Accounting Year shall be made after the commencement of the 
Accounting Year to which the demand pertains, but no later than 2 (two) years from the close 
of such Accounting Year.   

--- Page 277 ---
 
184 
ARTICLE-37 : LIABILITY AND INDEMNITY 
 
 37.1 General indemnity  
  
37.1.1 The Operator shall indemnify, defend, save and hold harmless the Authority and its officers, 
servants, agents, Government Instrumentalities and Authority owned and/or controlled 
entities/enterprises, (the “Authority Indemnified Persons”) from and against any and all 
suits, proceedings, actions, demands and third party claims for any loss, damage, cost and 
expense of whatever kind and nature, whether arising out of any breach by the Operator of any 
of its obligations under this Agreement or any related agreement or on account of any defect 
or deficiency in the provision of goods and services by the Operator to the Authority or to any 
person or from any negligence of the Operator under contract or tort or on any other ground 
whatsoever, except to the extent that any such suits, proceedings, actions, demands and claims 
have arisen due to any negligent act or omission, a breach or default of this Agreement or any 
related agreement and/or a breach of its statutory duty on the part of the Authority Indemnified 
Persons.  
  
37.1.2 The Authority shall indemnify, defend, save and hold harmless the Operator and its officers, 
servants and agents (the “Operator Indemnified Parties”) against any and all suits, 
proceedings, actions, demands and third party claims for any loss, damage, cost and expense 
of whatever kind and nature arising out of (a) defect in title and/or the rights of the Authority 
in the land comprised in the Depot Sites, and/or (b) breach by the Authority of any of its 
obligations under this Agreement or any related agreement, which materially and adversely 
affect the performance by the Operator of its obligations under this Agreement, save and except 
that where any such claim, suit, proceeding, action, and/or demand has arisen due to a negligent 
act or omission, or breach of any of its obligations under any provision of this Agreement or 
any related agreement and/or breach of its statutory duty on the part of the Operator, its 
subsidiaries, affiliates, Contractors, servants or agents, the same shall be the liability of the 
Operator.  
 
 37.2  Indemnity by the Operator  
  
37.2.1  Without limiting the generality of Clause 37.1, the Operator shall fully indemnify, hold 
harmless and defend the Authority and the Authority Indemnified Persons from and against 
any and all loss and/or damages arising out of or with respect to:  
 
(a) failure of the Operator to comply with Applicable Laws and Applicable Permits;  
 
(b) payment of taxes required to be made by the Operator in respect of the income or other 
taxes of the Operator’s Contractors, suppliers and representatives; or  
 
(c) non-payment of amounts due as a result of materials or services furnished to the 
Operator or any of its Contractors which are payable by the Operator or any of its 
Contractors.  

--- Page 278 ---
 
185 
  
37.2.2  Without limiting the generality of the provisions of this Article 37, the Operator shall fully 
indemnify, hold harmless and defend the Authority Indemnified Persons from and against any 
and all suits, proceedings, actions, claims, demands, liabilities and damages which the 
Authority Indemnified Persons may hereafter suffer, or pay by reason of any demands, claims, 
suits or proceedings arising out of claims of infringement of any domestic or foreign 
Intellectual Property or confidentiality rights with respect to any materials, information, design 
or process used by the Operator or by the Operator’s Contractors in performing the Operator’s 
obligations or in any way incorporated in or related to the Project. If in any such suit, action, 
claim or proceedings, a temporary restraint order or preliminary injunction is granted, the 
Operator shall make every reasonable effort to secure the revocation or suspension of the 
injunction or restraint order. If, in any such suit, action, claim or proceedings, the Maintenance 
Depots, Buses, Charging Infrastructure or Opportunity Charging Stations, if any, as the case 
may be, or any part thereof or comprised therein, are held to constitute an infringement and 
their use is permanently enjoined, the Operator shall promptly make every reasonable effort to 
secure for the Authority a licence, at no cost to the Authority, authorising continued use of the 
infringing work. If the Operator is unable to secure such licence within a reasonable time, the 
Operator shall, at its own expense, and without impairing the Specifications and Standards, 
either replace the affected work, or part, or process thereof with non-infringing work or part or 
process, or modify the same so that they become non-infringing.  
  
37.3 Notice and contest of claims  
  
In the event that either Party receives a claim or demand from a third party in respect of which 
it is entitled to the benefit of an indemnity under this Article 37 (the “Indemnified Party”) it 
shall notify the other Party (the “Indemnifying Party”) within 15 (fifteen) days of receipt of 
the claim or demand and shall not settle or pay the claim without the prior approval of the 
Indemnifying Party, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. In the 
event that the Indemnifying Party wishes to contest or dispute the claim or demand, it may 
conduct the proceedings in the name of the Indemnified Party, subject to the Indemnified Party 
being secured against any costs involved, to its reasonable satisfaction.  
  
37.4 Defence of claims  
  
37.4.1 The Indemnified Party shall have the right, but not the obligation, to contest, defend and litigate 
any claim, action, suit or proceeding by any third party alleged or asserted against such Party 
in respect of, resulting from, related to or arising out of any matter for which it is entitled to be 
indemnified hereunder, and reasonable costs and expenses thereof shall be reimbursed by the 
Indemnifying Party. If the Indemnifying Party acknowledges in writing its obligation to 
indemnify the Indemnified Party in respect of loss to the full extent provided by this Article 
37, the Indemnifying Party shall be entitled, at its option, to assume and control the defence of 
such claim, action, suit or proceeding, liabilities, payments and obligations at its expense and 
through the counsel of its choice; provided it gives prompt notice of its intention to do so to 
the Indemnified Party and reimburses the Indemnified Party for the reasonable cost and 
expenses incurred by the Indemnified Party prior to the assumption by the Indemnifying Party 
of such defence. The Indemnifying Party shall not be entitled to settle or compromise any 
claim, demand, action, suit or proceeding without the prior written consent of the Indemnified 

--- Page 279 ---
 
186 
Party, unless the Indemnifying Party provides such security to the Indemnified Party as shall 
be reasonably required by the Indemnified Party to secure the loss to be indemnified hereunder 
to the extent so compromised or settled.  
  
37.4.2 If the Indemnifying Party has exercised its rights under Clause 37.3, the Indemnified Party 
shall not be entitled to settle or compromise any claim, action, suit or proceeding without the 
prior written consent of the Indemnifying Party (which consent shall not be unreasonably 
withheld or delayed).  
  
37.4.3 If the Indemnifying Party exercises its rights under Clause 37.3, the Indemnified Party shall 
nevertheless have the right to employ its own counsel, and such counsel may participate in 
such action, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of the Indemnified 
Party, when and as incurred, unless:  
  
(a) the employment of counsel by such party has been authorised in writing by the 
Indemnifying Party;   
 
(b) the Indemnified Party shall have reasonably concluded that there may be a conflict of 
interest between the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party in the conduct of 
the defence of such action;   
 
(c) the Indemnifying Party shall not, in fact, have employed independent counsel 
reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party, to assume the defence of such action 
and shall have been so notified by the Indemnified Party; or  
 
(d) the Indemnified Party shall have reasonably concluded and specifically notified the 
Indemnifying Party either:  
 
(i) that there may be specific defences available to it which are different from or 
additional to those available to the Indemnifying Party; or  
(ii) that such claim, action, suit or proceeding involves or could have a material 
adverse effect upon it beyond the scope of this Agreement:  
  
Provided that if Sub-clauses (b), (c) or (d) of this Clause 37.4.3 shall be applicable, the counsel 
for the Indemnified Party shall have the right to direct the defence of such claim, demand, 
action, suit or proceeding on behalf of the Indemnified Party, and the reasonable fees and 
disbursements of such counsel shall constitute legal or other expenses hereunder.  
37.5 No consequential claims  
  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Article 37, the indemnities herein 
provided shall not include any claim or recovery in respect of any cost, expense, loss or damage 

--- Page 280 ---
 
187 
of an indirect, incidental or consequential nature, including loss of profit, except as expressly 
provided in this Agreement.  
37.6 Limitation of Liability  
  
37.6.1 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the liability of one Party towards 
the other Party for any damages or compensation of any nature whatsoever under this 
Agreement, save and except with respect to any Termination Payment payable by the Authority 
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, shall not exceed Rs. 1 crore (Rupees one crore) 
per Bus that is procured under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, the limitation 
hereunder shall not apply to any or all liabilities in respect of third parties.  
  
37.6.2 Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, neither Party shall be liable to the other Party 
for any loss of profit or for any other indirect or consequential damages or losses that may be 
suffered in connection with this Agreement.  
 
 37.7  Survival on Termination  
  
The provisions of this Article 37 shall survive Termination.  
 
  

--- Page 281 ---
 
188 
ARTICLE-38 : RIGHTS AND TITLE OVER SITES 
 
38.1 Operator’s rights  
  
For the purpose of this Agreement, the Operator shall have rights to the use of the Depot Sites 
as the sole and exclusive licensee, subject to and in accordance with this Agreement, and to 
this end, it may regulate the entry and use of the Depot Sites by third parties in accordance 
with and subject to the provisions of this Agreement.  
 
38.2 Access rights of the Authority and others  
  
38.2.1 The Operator shall allow free access to the Depot Sites at all times for the authorised 
representatives of the Authority and for the persons duly authorised by any Government 
Instrumentality to inspect the Maintenance Depots, and to investigate any matter within their 
authority, and upon reasonable notice, the Operator shall provide to such persons reasonable 
assistance necessary to carry out their respective duties and functions.  
  
38.2.2 The Operator shall, for the purpose of operation and maintenance of any utility allow free 
access to the Depot Sites, as the case may be, at all times for the authorised persons and vehicles 
of the controlling body of such utility.  
 
 38.3  Property taxes  
  
38.3.1  All property taxes on the Depot Sites shall be payable by the Authority as owner of the Depot 
Sites; provided, however, that any such taxes payable by the Operator under Applicable Laws 
for use of the Depot Sites shall not be reimbursed or payable by the Authority. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Parties agree that stamp duties, if any, due and payable on the grant of 
licence comprising this Agreement shall be paid by the Authority. Provided, however, that the 
Authority may require the Operator to pay such stamp duties, which shall be reimbursed by the 
Authority to the Operator within 15 (fifteen) days of receiving the demand therefor.  
  
 38.4  Restriction on sub-letting  
  
The Operator shall not sublicense or sublet the whole or any part of Depot Sites, save and 
except as may be expressly set forth in this Agreement; provided that nothing contained herein 
shall be construed or interpreted as restricting the right of the Operator to appoint Contractors 
for the performance of its obligations hereunder including for Operation and Maintenance of 
all or any part of the Depot Sites.  
  
  
  
  

--- Page 282 ---
 
189 
ARTICLE-39 : DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
 
 39.1 Dispute resolution  
  
39.1.1 Any dispute, difference or controversy of whatever nature howsoever arising under or out of 
or in relation to this Agreement (including its interpretation) between the Parties, and so 
notified in writing by either Party to the other Party (the “Dispute”) shall, in the first instance, 
be attempted to be resolved amicably in accordance with the conciliation procedure set forth 
in Clause 39.2.  
  
39.1.2 The Parties agree to use their best efforts for resolving all Disputes arising under or in respect 
of this Agreement promptly, equitably and in good faith, and further agree to provide each 
other with reasonable access during normal business hours to all non-privileged records, 
information and data pertaining to any Dispute.  
 
39.2 Conciliation  
  
39.2.1 Conciliation in case of Operational disputes. The following procedure is to be followed for 
conciliation in case of disputes impacting the daily operations of the Buses. 
 
Provision of Dispute Resolution Committee at the City & State level:  
 
a) City Dispute Resolution Committee (CDRC) 
 
The city shall constitute/ notify Standing Dispute Resolution Committee within 30 days 
from the signing of agreement. The committee shall comprise of the following members: 
i) Municipal commissioner/ Deputy Municipal Commissioner of the city/ MD/CEO 
of STU- Chair of the committee; 
ii) Depot Manager- Convener of the committee; 
iii) One representative from the Operator; and  
iv) An independent expert nominated by the Chair. 
 
b) State Dispute Resolution Committee (SDRC) 
 
The state shall constitute/ notify Standing Dispute Resolution Committee within 30 days 
from the signing of agreement by first city. The committee shall comprise of the following 
members: 
 
i) Secretary/Principal Secretary of Transport/Urban Development- Chair of the 
committee; 
ii) Municipal commissioner/ Deputy Municipal Commissioner of the respective city/ 
MD/CEO  of STU- Convener of the committee; 

--- Page 283 ---
 
190 
iii) One representative at the level of Director from the Operator; and  
iv) An independent subject expert nominated by the Chair. 
 
c) In the event of any dispute either Party may apply in writing for resolution of dispute by 
the city level committee initially. The City Dispute Resolution Committee shall make 
efforts to resolve the dispute within 30 days from the date of application. Failing resolution 
of dispute by the Committee, applicant party may approach the State Dispute Resolution 
Committee which shall make efforts to resolve the dispute within 30 days from the date of 
application. Failing resolution of dispute at both the levels, either Party may refer the 
Dispute for arbitration in accordance with the provisions of Clause 39.3.  
 
39.2.2 Conciliation in case of disputes other than Operational disputes covered in 39.2.1  
 
In the event of any Dispute between the Parties, either Party may call upon a mutually accepted 
person (the Adjudicator) to mediate and assist the Parties in arriving at an amicable settlement 
thereof. Failing mediation by such person or without the intervention of such person, either 
Party may require such Dispute to be referred to the [Chairman of ***] and the Chairman of 
the Board of Directors of the Operator for amicable settlement, and upon such reference, the 
said persons shall meet no later than 7 (seven) days from the date of reference to discuss and 
attempt to amicably resolve the Dispute. If such meeting does not take place within the 7 
(seven) day period or the Dispute is not amicably settled within 15 (fifteen) days of the meeting 
or the Dispute is not resolved as evidenced by the signing of written terms of settlement within 
30 (thirty) days of the notice in writing referred to in Clause 39.1.1 or such longer period as 
may be mutually agreed  by the Parties, either Party may refer the Dispute to arbitration in 
accordance with the provisions of Clause 39.3. The fees payable to the Adjudicator shall be 
borne equally by the Parties. 
  
39.3 Arbitration  
  
39.3.1 Any Dispute which is not resolved amicably by conciliation, as provided in Clause 39.2, shall 
be finally decided by reference to arbitration by an arbitral tribunal constituted in accordance 
with Clause 39.3.2. Such arbitration shall be held in accordance with the provisions of 
Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 and applicable rules, as amended from time to time(the 
“Act”),.  The place of such arbitration shall be [[●]]5, and the language of such arbitration 
proceedings shall be in English.  
  
39.3.2 There shall be an arbitral tribunal comprising 3 (three) arbitrators, of whom each Party shall 
nominate 1 (one) arbitrator within 15 days of either Party notifying the other their intent to 
initiate arbitration proceedings, and the third arbitrator shall be appointed by the 2 (two) 
arbitrators so selected. In the event of either Party failing to nominate an arbitrator or the two 
arbitrators failing to nominate the third arbitrator within 15 days of their nomination, the 
appointment shall be made in accordance with the Act.  
  
 
5 Drafting Note – Insert relevant city for which the agreement pertains (i.e., the city where the buses are being deployed). 

--- Page 284 ---
 
191 
39.3.3 The arbitral tribunal shall make a reasoned award (the “Award”) within a period of twelve 
(12) months from the date of constitution of the Panel or an extended period mutually agreed 
by the Parties. Any Award made in any arbitration held pursuant to this Article 39 shall be 
final and binding on the Parties as from the date it is made, and the Operator and the Authority 
agree and undertake to carry out such Award without delay.  
  
39.3.4 The Operator and the Authority agree that an Award may be enforced against the Operator 
and/or the Authority, as the case may be, and their respective assets wherever situated.  
  
39.3.5 This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties shall remain in full force and 
effect, pending the Award in any arbitration proceedings hereunder.  
 
 39.4  Adjudication by a tribunal  
  
In the event of constitution of a statutory tribunal or other forum with powers to adjudicate 
upon disputes between the Operator and the Authority, all Disputes arising after such 
constitution shall, instead of reference to arbitration under Clause 39.3, be adjudicated upon 
by such tribunal or other forum in accordance with Applicable Laws and all references to 
Dispute Resolution Procedure shall be construed accordingly.   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

--- Page 285 ---
 
192 
ARTICLE-40 : DISCLOSURE 
 
40.1 Disclosure of Specified Documents  
  
The Operator shall make available for inspection by any person, copies of this Agreement, the 
Maintenance Manual, the Operation Manual, the Safety Requirements and the Specifications 
and Standards (hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Specified Documents”), free of 
charge, during normal business hours on all working days at the Operator’s registered office. 
The Operator shall prominently display at the Maintenance Depots, public notices stating the 
availability of the Specified Documents for such inspection and shall make copies of the same 
available to any person upon payment of copying charges on a ‘no profit no loss’ basis.   
  
 
40.2 Disclosure of Documents relating to safety  
  
The Operator shall make available for inspection by any person copies of all Documents and 
data relating to Safety of the Buses, free of charge, during normal business hours on all working 
days, at the Operator’s registered office. The Operator shall make copies of the same available 
to any person upon payment of copying charges on a ‘no profit no loss’ basis.   
  
 
40.3 Withholding disclosure of Protected Documents  
  
Notwithstanding the provisions of Clauses 40.1 and 40.2, the Authority shall be entitled to 
direct the Operator, from time to time, to withhold the disclosure of Protected Documents (as 
defined herein below) to any person in pursuance of the aforesaid Clauses.  
  
Explanation:  
  
The expression “Protected Documents” shall mean such of the Specified Documents or 
documents referred to in Clauses 40.1 and 40.2, or portions thereof, the disclosure of which 
the Authority is entitled to withhold under the provisions of the Right to Information Act, 2005.  
  
  
  
  
  
  
    

--- Page 286 ---
 
193 
ARTICLE-41 : REDRESSAL OF COMPLAINTS 
 
 41.1 Complaint Register  
  
41.1.1 The Operator shall keep one register (the “Complaint Register”) in every Bus for recording 
of complaints by Users, and another for recording of complaints by drivers and maintenance 
staff.  
  
41.1.2 The Complaint Register shall be securely bound, and each page thereof shall be duly numbered. 
It shall have appropriate columns including the complaint number, date, substance of the 
complaint and the action taken by the Operator.   
  
41.1.3 Without prejudice to the provisions of Clauses 41.1.1 and 41.1.2, the Authority may, in 
consultation with the Operator, specify the procedure for making complaints in electronic form 
and for responses thereto.  
 
 41.2  Redressal of complaints  
  
41.2.1 The Operator shall inspect the Complaint Register of every Bus including compliants 
registered electronically before undertaking any Maintenance, as the case may be, and take 
prompt and reasonable action for redressal of each complaint. The action taken shall be briefly 
recorded by the Operator in the Complaint Register.  
  
41.2.2 In the event that a complaint shall require an urgent response from the Operator, the driver of 
a Bus or any maintenance staff of the Authority, as the case may be, shall inform the 
Maintenance Depot or the Control Centre forthwith.  
  
41.2.3 The Operator shall submit to the Authority, relevant extracts of the Complaint Register no later 
than [7 (seven)] days from the close of each month. If the Operator fails to address complaints 
in accordance with this Article 41, the Operator shall pay Damages equal to INR 2,500 per bus 
for each day of delay to rectify each of the complaints specified in the Complaint Register, to 
the satisfaction of the Authority.  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

--- Page 287 ---
 
194 
ARTICLE-42 : MISCELLANEOUS 
 
42.1 Governing law and jurisdiction  
  
This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with and governed by the 
laws of India, and the courts at [●]6 shall have exclusive jurisdiction over matters arising out 
of or relating to this Agreement.  
  
 
42.2 Waiver of immunity    
  
Each Party unconditionally and irrevocably:  
  
(a) agrees that the execution, delivery and performance by it of this Agreement constitute 
commercial acts done and performed for commercial purpose;  
 
(b) agrees that, should any proceedings be brought against it or its assets, property or 
revenues in any jurisdiction in relation to this Agreement or any transaction 
contemplated by this Agreement, no immunity (whether by reason of sovereignty or 
otherwise) from such proceedings shall be claimed by or on behalf of the Party with 
respect to its assets;  
 
(c) waives any right of immunity which it or its assets, property or revenues now has, may 
acquire in the future or which may be attributed to it in any jurisdiction; and  
 
(d) consents generally in respect of the enforcement of any judgement or award against it 
in any such proceedings to the giving of any relief or the issue of any process in any 
jurisdiction in connection with such proceedings (including the making, enforcement 
or execution against it or in respect of any assets, property or revenues whatsoever 
irrespective of their use or intended use of any order or judgement that may be made 
or given in connection therewith).  
  
42.3 Depreciation  
  
For the purposes of depreciation under Applicable Laws, the property representing the capital 
investment made by the Operator in the Maintenance Depots shall be deemed to be acquired 
and owned by the Operator. For the avoidance of doubt, the Authority shall not in any manner 
be liable in respect of any claims for depreciation to be made by the Operator under Applicable 
Laws.  
  
 
 
6 Drafting Note – Insert relevant city for which the agreement pertains (i.e., the city where the buses are being deployed). 

--- Page 288 ---
 
195 
42.4 Delayed payments  
  
42.4.1  The Parties hereto agree that payments due that are not covered under Payment Security 
Mechanism from one Party to the other Party under the provisions of this Agreement shall be 
made within the period set forth therein, and if no such period is specified, within 30 (thirty) 
days of receiving a demand along with the necessary particulars. Unless otherwise specified in 
this Agreement, in the event of delay beyond such period, the defaulting Party shall pay interest 
for the period of delay calculated at a rate equal to 3% (three per cent) above the Bank Rate, 
and recovery thereof shall be without prejudice to the rights of the Parties under this Agreement 
including Termination thereof.  
  
42.4.2 Unless otherwise specified, any interest payable under this Agreement shall accrue on a daily 
outstanding basis and shall be compounded on the basis of quarterly rests.  
  
 42.5  Waiver  
  
42.5.1  Waiver, including partial or conditional waiver, by either Party of any default by the other 
Party in the observance and performance of any provision of or obligations under this 
Agreement:  
  
(a) shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other or subsequent default hereof 
or of other provisions of or obligations under this Agreement;  
(b) shall not be effective unless it is in writing and executed by a duly authorised 
representative of the Party; and  
(c) shall not affect the validity or enforceability of this Agreement in any manner.  
  
42.5.2  Neither the failure by either Party to insist on any occasion upon the performance of the terms, 
conditions and provisions of this Agreement or any obligation thereunder nor time or other 
indulgence granted by a Party to the other Party shall be treated or deemed as waiver of such 
breach or acceptance of any variation or the relinquishment of any such right hereunder.  
 
  
 42.6  Liability for review of Documents and Drawings  
  
Except to the extent expressly provided in this Agreement:  
  
(a) no review, comment or approval by the Authority of any Project Agreement, 
Document or Drawing submitted by the Operator nor any observation or inspection of 
the construction, operation or maintenance of the Project and Buses nor the failure to 
review, approve, comment, observe or inspect hereunder shall relieve or absolve the 
Operator from its obligations, duties and liabilities under this Agreement, Applicable 
Laws and Applicable Permits; and  
 
(b) the Authority shall not be liable to the Operator by reason of any review, 
comment, approval, observation or inspection referred to in Sub-clause (a) above.  

--- Page 289 ---
 
196 
  
42.7 Exclusion of implied warranties etc.  
  
This Agreement expressly excludes any warranty, condition or other undertaking implied at 
law or by custom or otherwise arising out of any other agreement between the Parties or any 
representation by either Party not contained in a binding legal agreement executed by both 
Parties. 
  
42.8 Survival  
  
42.8.1 Termination shall:  
  
(a) not relieve the Operator or the Authority, as the case may be, of any obligations 
hereunder which expressly or by implication survive Termination hereof; and  
 
(b) except as otherwise provided in any provision of this Agreement expressly limiting the 
liability of either Party, not relieve either Party of any obligations or liabilities for loss 
or damage to the other Party arising out of, or caused by, acts or omissions of such 
Party prior to the effectiveness of such Termination or arising out of such Termination.  
 
42.8.2  All rights and obligations surviving Termination shall only survive for a period of 3 (three) 
years  following the date of such Termination; provided, however, that all obligations of the 
Operator in relation to licensing, sub-licensing, assignment or transfer of the specified 
Intellectual Property to the Authority shall survive the Termination in perpetuity.  
  
42.9 Entire Agreement  
  
This Agreement and the Schedules together constitute a complete and exclusive statement of 
the terms of the agreement between the Parties on the subject hereof, and no amendment or 
modification hereto shall be valid and effective unless such modification or amendment is 
agreed to in writing by the Parties and duly executed by persons especially empowered in this 
behalf by the respective Parties. All prior written or oral understandings offers or other 
communications of every kind pertaining to this Agreement are abrogated and withdrawn. For 
the avoidance of doubt, the Parties hereto agree that any obligations of the Operator arising 
from the Request for Qualification or Request for Proposals, as the case may be, shall be 
deemed to form part of this Agreement and treated as such, provided however, that if there is 
a contradiction or conflict between the terms of the Request for Qualification or Request for 
Proposals and the terms of this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail.   
  
42.10 Severability  
  
If for any reason whatsoever, any provision of this Agreement is or becomes invalid, illegal or 
unenforceable or is declared by any court of competent jurisdiction or any other instrumentality 
to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality or enforceability of the remaining 
provisions shall not be affected in any manner, and the Parties will negotiate in good faith with 

--- Page 290 ---
 
197 
a view to agreeing to one or more provisions which may be substituted for such invalid, 
unenforceable or illegal provisions, as nearly as is practicable to such invalid, illegal or 
unenforceable provision. Failure to agree upon any such provisions shall not be subject to the 
Dispute Resolution Procedure set forth under this Agreement or otherwise.  
 
  
42.11 No partnership  
  
This Agreement shall not be interpreted or construed to create an association or partnership 
between the Parties, or to impose any partnership obligation or liability upon either Party, and 
neither Party shall have any right, power or Authority to enter into any agreement or 
undertaking for, or act on behalf of, or to act as or be an agent or representative of, or to 
otherwise bind, the other Party.  
  
42.12 Third parties  
  
This Agreement is intended solely for the benefit of the Parties, and their respective successors 
and permitted assigns, and nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to create any duty to, 
standard of care with reference to, or any liability to, any person not a Party to this Agreement.  
 
  
42.13 Successors and assigns  
  
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective 
successors and permitted assigns.  
  
 
42.14 Notices  
  
Any notice or other communication to be given by any Party to the other Party under or in 
connection with the matters contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall:  
  
(a) in the case of the Operator, be given by facsimile or e-mail and by letter delivered by 
hand to the address given and marked for attention of the person set out below or to 
such other person as the Operator may from time to time designate by notice to the 
Authority; provided that notices or other communications to be given to an address 
outside [●]7 may, if they are subsequently confirmed by sending a copy thereof by 
registered acknowledgement due, air mail or by courier, be sent by facsimile or email 
to the number as the Operator may from time to time designate by notice to the 
Authority;  
  
 {Attention:    
Designation:  
 
7 Drafting Note – Insert relevant city for which the agreement pertains (i.e., the city where the buses are being deployed). 

--- Page 291 ---
 
198 
Address: 
Fax No:  
Email:}  
  
(b) in the case of the Authority, be given by facsimile or e-mail and by letter delivered by 
hand at the address given below and addressed to the person named below with a copy 
delivered to the Authority Representative or such other person as the Authority may 
from time to time designate by notice to the Operator; provided that if the Operator 
does not have an office in [●]8 it may send such notice by facsimile or email and by 
registered acknowledgement due, air mail or by courier;   
  
{Name:  
Designation:  
Address:  
Fax No:  
Email:}; and  
  
(c) any notice or communication by a Party to the other Party, given in accordance 
herewith, shall be deemed to have been delivered when in the normal course of post it 
ought to have been delivered and in all other cases, it shall be deemed to have been 
delivered on the actual date and time of delivery; provided that in the case of facsimile 
or e-mail, it shall be deemed to have been delivered on the working day following the 
date of its delivery.  
  
 
42.15 Language  
  
All notices required to be given by one Party to the other Party and all other communications, 
Documentation and proceedings which are in any way relevant to this Agreement shall be in 
writing and in English language.  
  
 
42.16 Counterparts  
  
This Agreement may be executed in two counterparts, each of which, when executed and 
delivered, shall constitute an original of this Agreement.  
  
  
  
  
 
8 Drafting Note – Insert relevant city for which the agreement pertains (i.e., the city where the buses are being deployed). 

--- Page 292 ---
 
199 
ARTICLE-43 : DEFINITIONS 
 
In this Agreement, the following words and expressions shall, unless repugnant to the context or 
meaning thereof, have the meaning hereinafter respectively assigned to them:  
  
“Accounting Year” means the financial year commencing from the first day of April of any calendar 
year and ending on the thirty-first day of March of the next calendar year;  
  
“Additional Auditors” shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 26.2.3;  
  
“Additional Termination Payment” means the amount payable upon Termination in respect of 
Specified Assets, if any, as further limited by the provisions of Clause 32.4.2;  
 
“Adjusted Depreciated Value” means the amount arrived at after adjusting the depreciated book value 
of an asset (as stated in the books of account of the Operator) to reflect the variation occurring in WPI 
between the date of procurement thereof and the Transfer Date;  
 
“Adjusted Equity” means the Equity funded in Indian Rupees and adjusted on the first day of the 
current month (the “Reference Date”), in the manner set forth below, to reflect the change in its value 
on account of depreciation and variations in WPI, and for any Reference Date occurring:  
 
(a) on or before COD, the Adjusted Equity shall be a sum equal to the Equity funded in Indian 
Rupees and expended on the Project, revised to the extent of one half of the variation in WPI 
occurring between the first day of the month of Appointed Date and the Reference Date;  
 
(b) from COD and until the 4th (fourth) anniversary thereof, an amount equal to the Adjusted 
Equity as on COD shall be deemed to be the base (the “Base Adjusted Equity”) and the 
Adjusted Equity hereunder shall be a sum equal to the Base Adjusted Equity, revised at the 
commencement of each month following COD to the extent of variation in WPI occurring 
between COD and the Reference Date; and  
 
(c) after the 4th (fourth) anniversary of COD, the Adjusted Equity hereunder shall be a sum equal 
to the Base Adjusted Equity, reduced by 0.56% (zero point five six per cent)9 thereof at the 
commencement of each month following the 4th (fourth) anniversary of COD and the amount 
so arrived at shall be revised to the extent of variation in WPI occurring between COD and the 
Reference Date;  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Adjusted Equity shall, in the event of Termination, be 
computed as on the Reference Date immediately preceding the Transfer Date; provided that no 
reduction in the Adjusted Equity shall be made for a period equal to the duration, if any, for 
which the Contract Period is extended, but the revision on account of WPI shall continue to be 
made;  
 
“Affected Party” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 29.1;  
 
9 This number shall be substituted in each case by the figure arrived at upon dividing 100 by the number of months comprising the Contract Period. For 
example, the figure for a 15 (fifteen) year Contract Period shall be 100/180= 0.555 rounded off to two decimal points i.e. 0.56.  

--- Page 293 ---
 
200 
 
“Agreement” or “means this Agreement, its Recitals, the Schedules hereto and any amendments 
thereto made in accordance with the provisions contained in this Agreement;  
 
“Allowed Energy Consumption” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 22.5.3;   
 
“Annual Assured Bus Kilometres/ Annual Assured Kilometers” shall have the meaning ascribed 
to it in Clause 22.3.1; i.e. for 12m buses, the annual assured kilometers is 72,000 kms and for 9m 
buses, the annual assured kilometers is 64,800 kms. 
 
“Annual Safety Report” shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 18.5.1;  
  
“Appendix” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 10.3.1;  
  
“Applicable Laws” means the Constitution of India and all and any laws, enacted or brought into force 
and effect by the GoI, the State Government or any Government Instrumentality having jurisdiction 
over the Parties, the Depot Sites or the Project, including rules, regulations and notifications made 
thereunder, and judgements, decrees, injunctions, writs and orders of any court of record, applicable to 
this Agreement and the exercise, performance and discharge of the respective rights and obligations of 
the Parties hereunder, as may be in force and effect during the subsistence of this Agreement;  
  
“Applicable Permits” means all clearances, licences, permits, authorisations, no objection certificates, 
consents, approvals and exemptions required to be obtained or maintained under Applicable Laws in 
connection with the construction, Operation and Maintenance of the Buses and Maintenance Depots, 
as the case may be, during the subsistence of this Agreement and shall include those as set out in 
Schedule-C;  
  
“Appointed Date” means the date on which Financial Close is achieved and all the Condition 
Precedents are satisfied or waived, as the case may be, in accordance with the provisions of this 
Agreement, and such date shall be the date of commencement of the Contract Period;  
  
“Approved Valuer” means a firm of valuers recognized as such by the Inform Tax Department and 
having experience of valuing at least 5 (five) properties exceeding Rs. 100 cr. (Rs. One hundred crore) 
each in value.  
  
“Arbitration Act” means the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 and shall include modifications 
to or any re-enactment thereof, as in force from time to time;   
  
“Associate” or “Affiliate” means, in relation to either Party {and/or Consortium Members}, a person 
who controls, is controlled by, or is under the common control with such Party {or Consortium 
Member} (as used in this definition, the expression “control” means, with respect to a person which is 
a company or corporation, the ownership, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% (fifty per cent) of 
the voting shares of such person, and with respect to a person which is not a company or corporation, 
the power to direct the management and policies of such person, whether by operation of law or by 
contract or otherwise);  
 
“Authority Applicable Permits” shall mean those Applicable Permits that are required to be obtained 
by the Authority as set out in Schedule-C; 
 
“Authority Default” shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 32.2.1;  

--- Page 294 ---
 
201 
  
“Authority Indemnified Persons” shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 37.1.1;  
 
“Authority Nominated Personnel” means any person authorized by the Authority to collect User  
Fare from passengers for using the Bus Service;  
  
“Authority Representative” means such person or persons as may be authorised in writing by the 
Authority to act on its behalf under this Agreement and shall include any person or persons having 
Authority to exercise any rights or perform and fulfil any obligations of the Authority under this 
Agreement;  
 
“Availability” shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 20.3.2; 
 
“Award” shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 39.3.3;  
   
“Bank” means a nationalised bank or a scheduled bank incorporated in India and having a minimum 
net worth of Rs. 1,000 crore (Rupees one thousand crore). For the avoidance of doubt, scheduled bank 
shall mean a bank as defined under section 2(e) of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934;  
  
“Bank Rate” means the rate of interest specified by the Reserve Bank of India from time to time in 
pursuance of section 49 of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934 or any replacement of such Bank Rate 
for the time being in effect;  
  
“Base Index Date” means the last date of the month which shall have closed no later than 30 (thirty) 
days prior to the Bid Date;  
  
“Bid” means the documents in their entirety comprised in the bid submitted by the {selected 
bidder/Consortium} in response to the Request for Proposals in accordance with the provisions thereof 
and “Bids” shall mean the bids submitted by any and all pre-qualified bidders;  
  
“Bid Date” means the last date on which the Bid may have been submitted in accordance with the 
provisions of the Request for Proposals;  
  
"Bid Documents” mean the Request for Proposal dated ____ issued by CESL on behalf of 
participating entities comprising of 3 volumes including instruction to bidders (Volume 1), draft Master 
Concession Agreement (Volume 2) and Technical Specifications (Volume 3). 
 
“Bid Security” means the security provided by the Operator to the Authority along with the Bid in 
accordance with the Request for Selection, and which is to remain in force until substituted by the 
Performance Security;  
  
“Breakdown” means the mechanical failure of a bus that prevents the bus from being in operation or 
impedes the operation so much that it is impossible or dangerous to operate, provided that such 
mechanical failure has not arisen on account of any accidents, vandalism, arson, riots or natural 
calamities;  
  
“Breakdown Factor” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 20.2.1;  
 
“Bus” means a bus complying with Standards and Specifications as detailed in Schedule-B, procured 
by the Operator as per the Delivery Schedule, for the purposes of Project;  

--- Page 295 ---
 
202 
 
 "Bus Lease Agreement" means the agreement entered into between the Operator and a Lessor for 
leasing of the Buses to be supplied to the Authority in accordance with this Agreement.  
 
“Bus Kilometer” means kilometers travelled by each Bus, as per Clause 22.1.3;  
  
“Bus Kms Frequency” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 20.5.1(b);  
  
“Bus Service” means the service provided to Users in terms of this Agreement;  
  
“Bus Stop” means designated stops, along the routes from where passengers board and alight the Bus, 
as per the Deployment Plan at Schedule-J;  
   
“CESL” shall have the meaning set forth in Recital B; 
 
“Change in Law” means the occurrence of any of the following after the Bid Date:  
 
(a) the enactment of any new Applicable Law or the imposition, adoption or issuance of any new 
Applicable Law by any Government Instrumentality;  
 
(b) the repeal, modification or re-enactment of any existing Applicable Law;  
 
(c) the commencement of any Applicable Law, which has not entered into effect until the Bid 
Date;   
 
(d) the introduction of a requirement for the Operator to obtain any new Applicable Permit or the 
unlawful revocation of an Applicable Permit; 
 
(e) a change in the interpretation or application of any Applicable Law, by a judgement of a court 
of record which has become final, conclusive and binding, as compared to such interpretation 
or application by a court of record prior to the Bid Date; or  
 
(f) any change in the rates of any of the Taxes that have a direct effect on the Agreement;  
  
“Change in Ownership” means a transfer of the direct and/or indirect legal or beneficial ownership 
of any shares, or securities convertible into shares or a fresh issue of any of the foregoing, that causes 
the aggregate holding of the {Selected Bidder/Consortium Members}, together with {its/their} 
Associates in the total Equity to decline below (i) 51% (fifty one per cent) thereof till the completion 
of 2 (two) years from the COD and (ii) 26% (twenty six per cent) thereof, or such lower proportion as 
may be permitted by the Authority during the remaining Contract Period. Any direct and/or indirect 
transfer of legal or beneficial ownership of any shares, or securities convertible into shares, (i) such 
that the Consortium Members cease to collectively hold a minimum of 51% (fifty one per cent) of the 
subscribed and paid-up Equity of the Operator till the completion of 2 (two) years from the COD , shall 
constitute a Change in Ownership;  
  

--- Page 296 ---
 
203 
“Change of Scope” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 15.1;  
  
“Change of Scope Notice” shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 15.2.1;  
  
“Change of Scope Order” shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 15.2.3;  
  
“Charging Infrastructure” means the charging infrastructure and equipment required to be installed 
by the Operator at the Maintenance Depots for the sole purpose of charging Buses which shall include 
the required electric and allied civil infrastructure for Charging the buses, in accordance with the 
Specifications and Standards; 
 
“Commencement of Service” means, with respect to any Bus, the date such Bus is commissioned and 
put in commercial operations, in each case, in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement; 
  
“Commercial Operation Date” or “COD” shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 14.2.3;  
  
“Completion Certificate” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 14.2.2;  
  
“Complaint Register” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 41.1.1;  
 
“Concession” shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 3.1.1;  
 
“Control Centre” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 16.4.7;  
  
“Conditions Precedent” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 4.1.1;  
  
“Consortium” shall have the meaning as set forth in Recital (C);}  
  
“Consumables” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 17.3.1;  
  
“Contract Period” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 3.1.1;  
 
“Contract Year” means the First Contract Year and thereafter each period of 12 (twelve) Months, 
provided that the last Contract Year shall end on the last day of the Contract Period.  
 
“Contractor” means the person or persons, as the case may be, with whom the Operator has entered 
into any of the construction contracts, the O&M Contract any other material contract for the Fit Out 
Works, operation and/or maintenance of the Maintenance Depots, the Charging Infrastructure or the 
Buses, as the case may be, or matters incidental thereto, but does not include a person who has entered 
into an agreement for providing financial assistance to the Operator;  
  
“Covenant” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 5.2.5;  
  
“Cure Period” means the period specified in this Agreement for curing any breach or default of any 
provision of this Agreement by the Party responsible for such breach or default and shall:  
 
(a) commence from the date on which a notice is delivered by one Party to the other Party asking 
the latter to cure the breach or default specified in such notice;  
 

--- Page 297 ---
 
204 
(b) not relieve any Party from liability to pay Damages or compensation under the provisions of 
this Agreement; and  
  
(c) not in any way be extended by any period of Suspension under this Agreement;  
  
provided that if the cure of any breach by the Operator requires any reasonable action by the Operator 
that must be approved by the Authority hereunder, the applicable Cure Period shall be extended by the 
period taken by the Authority to accord its approval;  
  
“Damages” shall have the meaning as set forth in Sub-clause (y) of Clause 1.2.1;  
  
 
“Debt Due” means the aggregate of the following sums expressed in Indian Rupees outstanding on the 
Transfer Date:  
 
(a) the principal amount of the debt provided by the lenders under the financing agreements for 
financing the Total Project Cost (the “principal”) but excluding any part of the principal that 
had fallen due for repayment 2 (two) years prior to the Transfer Date;  
 
(b) all accrued interest, financing fees and charges payable under the financing agreements on, or 
in respect of, the debt referred to in Sub-clause (a) above until the Transfer Date but excluding 
(i) any interest, fees or charges that had fallen due one year prior to the Transfer Date, (ii) any 
penal interest or charges payable under the financing agreements to any lender, and (iii) any 
pre-payment charges in relation to accelerated repayment of debt except where such charges 
have arisen due to Authority Default, provided that any accrued interest payable under the 
financing agreements on, or in respect of, the debt referred to in Sub-clause (a) in the event of 
Termination due to an Operator Default shall be capped at the lesser of (i) the interest rate 
specified in the financing agreements; or (ii) 5% (five percent) above the Bank Rate;  
 
(c) any debt provided by the lenders in connection with any bank guarantees submitted by the 
Operator to the Authority pursuant to any Subsidy or Government Fiscal Assistance received 
by the Operator, to the extent that such bank guarantees have been called and become funded; 
and 
 
(d) if the Buses are leased by the Operator, then the lease rentals for the shorter of: (i) the remaining 
term of the Bus Lease Agreement(s); and (ii) the balance Contract Period. 
provided that if all or any part of the Debt Due is convertible into Equity at the option of lenders and/or 
the Operator, it shall for the purposes of this Agreement be deemed to be Debt Due even after such 
conversion and the principal thereof shall be dealt with as if such conversion had not been undertaken;  
provided further that the Debt Due, on or after COD, shall in no case exceed 70% (seventy per cent) of 
the Total Project Cost.  
“Debt Service” means the sum of all payments on account of principal, interest, financing fees and 
charges, Bus Lease rentals due and payable in an Accounting Year to the Senior Lenders or the 

--- Page 298 ---
 
205 
Lessor(s), as the case may be, for and in respect of Debt Due under the Financing Agreements or under 
the Bus Lease Agreement(s), as the case may be;  
“Performance Security” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 34.2.3; 
 
“Delay Event” shall mean: 
 
(i) occurrence of a Force Majeure event, provided that the requirements of Clause 29.5 have been 
complied with; 
 
(ii) a Change in Law; 
 
(iii) undue delay by the relevant Government Instrumentality in granting or renewing any 
Applicable Permit, despite the Operator having applied for such grant or renewal expeditiously 
and having complied with the requirements of Applicable Laws in making such application; 
 
(iv) undue delay by the relevant Government Instrumentality in providing any utility connection, 
despite the Authority or the Operator, as the case may be, having applied for such utility 
connection expeditiously and having complied with the requirements of Applicable Laws in 
making such application; 
 
(v) failure by the Authority to handover possession of Maintenance Depots meeting the Minimum 
Maintenance Depot Specifications in accordance with the requirements of this Agreement; 
 
(vi) any delay directly attributable to unforeseen site conditions in accordance with Clause 10.9; 
 and 
 
(vii) delay caused in complying with any instructions of the Authority, which instructions are not 
directly attributable to any default of the Operator. 
 
“Delivery Schedule” shall mean the schedule according to which the Operator shall procure and deliver 
the Buses in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and as set out in Schedule-J; 
 
“Depot Sites” shall have the meaning as set forth in Article 10;  
  
“Deployment Plan” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 16.5.1; 
  
“Designs” or “Drawings” means all of the drawings, designs, calculations and documents pertaining 
to the Buses as set forth in Schedule-F;  
  
“Design Report” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 13.4.2;  
  
“Dispute” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 39.1.1;  
  
“Dispute Resolution Procedure” means the procedure for resolution of Disputes as set forth in Article 
39;  
  
“Divestment Requirements” means the obligations of the Operator for and in respect of Termination 
as set forth in Clause 33.1.1;  

--- Page 299 ---
 
206 
  
“Document” or “Documentation” means documentation in printed or written form, or in tapes, discs, 
drawings, computer programmes, writings, reports, photographs, films, cassettes, or expressed in any 
other written, electronic, audio or visual form;  
  
“Emergency” means a condition or situation that is likely to endanger the environment or lives or 
security of the individuals on or about the Maintenance Depots or Buses, as the case may be, or which 
poses an immediate threat of material damage to any of the Project Assets;  
  
“Encumbrances” means, in relation to the Licensed Premises, Maintenance Depots or Buses and, as 
the case may be, any encumbrances such as mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, hypothecation, security 
interest, assignment, privilege or priority of any kind having the effect of security or other such 
obligations, and shall include any designation of loss payees or beneficiaries or any similar arrangement 
under any insurance policy pertaining to the Maintenance Depots or Buses, as the case may be, where 
applicable herein;  
  
“Equal opportunity” means that the Operator cannot use the following characteristics as reasons to 
hire or reject candidates or make other employment decisions including wages: Race / color, origin / 
ethnicity, religion, age, sex / gender / sexual orientation, physical or mental disability except to the 
extent it such characteristic makes the candidate unsuitable for the position in question e.g., a candidate 
with poor eyes-sight for driving duty.  
 
“Equity” means the sum expressed in Indian Rupees representing the paid up equity share capital of 
the Operator for meeting the equity component of the Total Project Cost, and for the purposes of this 
Agreement shall include convertible instruments or other similar forms of capital, which shall 
compulsorily convert into equity share capital of the Operator, and any interest-free funds advanced by 
any shareholder of the Operator for meeting such equity component.  
  
“Escrow Account” means an account which the Authority shall open and maintain with the Escrow 
Bank in which all inflows and outflows of cash on account of capital and revenue receipts and 
expenditures shall be credited and debited, as the case may be, in accordance with the provisions of 
this Agreement, and includes the sub-accounts, if applicable, of such Escrow Account;  
  
“Escrow Agreement” shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 27.1.2;  
  
“Escrow Bank” shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 27.1.1;  
  
“Escrow Default” shall have the meaning set forth in Schedule-M;  
 
“Fee” shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 22.1;  
  
“Fee Revision Date” means the date of Fee Revision in accordance with Clause 22.4.1;   
  
“Financial Aggregator” means any entity including its associates with the intent and capability of 
providing capital/funds for the e-bus business eligible as per eligibility and qualifications criteria set 
forth in Request for Proposals under the project; 
 
“Financial Close” means the fulfilment of all Conditions Precedent to the initial availability of funds 
under the Financing Agreements or the Bus Lease Agreement(s);  
  

--- Page 300 ---
 
207 
“Financial Model” means the financial model adopted by lenders, setting forth the capital and 
operating costs of the Project and revenues therefrom on the basis of which financial viability of the 
Project has been determined by the lenders or the Lessor under the Bus Lease Agreement(s), and 
includes a description of the assumptions and parameters used for making calculations and projections 
therein;   
“Financial Package” means the financing package indicating the total capital cost of the Project and 
the means of financing thereof, as set forth in the Financial Model and approved by the lenders, and 
includes Equity, all financial assistance specified in the financing agreements, subordinated debt, lease 
rentals and other financial terms of lease under the Bus Lease Agreement(s) if any; 
“Financing Agreements” means the agreements executed by the Operator in respect of financial 
assistance to be provided by the Senior Lenders by way of loans, guarantees, subscription to 
nonconvertible debentures and other debt instruments including loan agreements, guarantees, notes, 
debentures, bonds and other debt instruments, security agreements, and other documents relating to the 
financing (including refinancing) of the Total Project Cost, and includes amendments or modifications 
made in accordance with Clause 5.2.3;  
 
“First Contract Year” means the period of 12 (twelve) calendar months commencing from the date 
on which the Lot COD for the first Lot of Buses procured by the Operator is achieved. 
 
“Fit Out Works” means all works and things required to be undertaken by the Operator to completely 
fit out, equip and otherwise complete the Maintenance Depots in accordance with this Agreement, 
including the provision of all service equipment, tools, tackles, facilities, civil and electrical works and 
any other allied infrastructure (including the Charging Infrastructure) as may be required to Operate 
and Maintain the Buses, the Maintenance Depot and the Charging Infrastructure; 
 
“Force Majeure” or “Force Majeure Event” shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 29.1;   
  
“Force Majeure Costs” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 29.7.2;  
 
“General Safety” means an event of a minor accident in which a person is injured or no injury but 
damage to vehicle and/or property sustains. In case of injury, the nature of injury shall be of minor 
nature such as a cut, sprain or bruise, where only first aid is required and does not require 
hospitalisation. 
  
“GoI” means the Government of India;  
  
“Good Industry Practice” means the practices, methods, techniques, designs, standards, skills, 
diligence, efficiency, reliability and prudence which are generally and reasonably expected from a 
reasonably skilled and experienced operator engaged in the same type of undertaking as envisaged 
under this Agreement and which would be expected to result in the performance of its obligations by 
the Operator in accordance with this Agreement, Applicable Laws and Applicable Permits in reliable, 
safe, economical and efficient manner;  
  
“Government Fiscal Assistance” means, any financial assistance provided to the Operator by any 
Government Instrumentality, under any Applicable Laws or any scheme, policy or guidelines, as may 
be applicable; 
  

--- Page 301 ---
 
208 
“Government Instrumentality” means any department, division or sub-division of the Government 
of India or the State Government and includes any commission, board, Authority, agency or municipal 
and other local authority or statutory body, including Panchayat, under the control of the Government 
of India or the State Government, as the case may be, and having jurisdiction over all or any part of the 
Buses or Maintenance Depots as the case may be, or the performance of all or any of the services or 
obligations of the Operator under or pursuant to this Agreement;  
 
“Gross Cost Contract (GCC)” shall mean the model of procurement where the Buses and Charging 
Infrastructure are owned, operated, and maintained by the Operator at a specific rate and contract period. 
The Authority pays a pre-decided per km fee (PK Fee) for these services discovered through 
competitive bidding process to the Operator. The revenue generated from transport services is collected 
by the Authority. The major roles and responsibilities of the Operator and Authority are defined in 
Article 5 and Article 6 respectively of this Agreement. 
 
“Guaranteed Availability” shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 20.3.3; 
 
“Guaranteed Arrival Punctuality” shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 20.4.4; 
 
“Guaranteed Bus Kms Frequency” shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 20.5.2; 
 
“Guaranteed Start Punctuality” shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 20.4.4; 
 
“Guaranteed Trip Frequency” shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 20.5.2; 
 
“Indemnified Party” means the Party entitled to the benefit of an indemnity pursuant to Article 37;  
  
“Indemnifying Party” means the Party obligated to indemnify the other Party pursuant to Article 37; 
 
“Indirect Political Event” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 29.3;  
 
“Insolvency Event” in respect of a Party means:   
 
(a) such Party has (A) applied for or consented to the appointment of, or the taking of possession 
by, a receiver, custodian, trustee, administrator, liquidator or the like of itself or of all or a 
substantial part of its assets or business; (B) been unable to pay its debts as such debts become 
due; (C) enters into a compromise arrangement with its creditors; (D) an attachment or 
restraint has been levied on the assets of such entity Party which materially affects such 
Party’s ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement; (E) commenced proceedings 
under the (Indian) Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 (“Code”); (F) filed a petition 
seeking to take advantage of any other law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, 
winding up, or composition or readjustment of debts; or (G) taken any corporate or other 
action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing; or   
(b) a proceeding or case has been commenced without the application or consent of such Party 
in any court of competent jurisdiction seeking (A) its liquidation, reorganization, dissolution 
or winding-up or the composition or readjustment of debts or, (B) the appointment of an 
insolvency resolution professional, a trustee, receiver, custodian, administrator, liquidator or 
the like of such Party under the Code and an order admitting the insolvency petition has been 
passed in such proceeding and such order has not been stayed or dismissed within a period of 
[90 (ninety)] days or (C) directions with the same or similar effect happen under the 

--- Page 302 ---
 
209 
provisions of the Companies Act, 1965 or the Companies Act, 2013 or the Code in relation 
to the winding up of the company;  
 
“Insurance Cover” means the aggregate of the maximum sums insured under the insurances taken 
out by the Operator pursuant to Article 25, and includes all insurances required to be taken out by the 
Operator under Clause 25.2 but not actually taken, and when used in the context of any act or event, 
it shall mean the aggregate of the maximum sums insured and payable or deemed to be insured and 
payable in relation to such act or event;  
  
“Intellectual Property” means all patents, trademarks, service marks, logos, get-up, trade names, 
internet domain names, rights in designs, blue prints, programmes and manuals, drawings, copyright 
(including rights in computer software), database rights, semi-conductor, topography rights, 
geographical indicators, utility models, rights in know-how and other intellectual property rights, in 
each case whether registered or unregistered and including applications for registration, and all rights 
or forms of protection having equivalent or similar effect anywhere in the world;  
  
“Intelligent Transit Management Systems” or “ITMS” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 
16.4.7;  
 
“Invoice” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 22.2.1; 
  
“Invoice Amount” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 22.2.2;   
  
“Key Performance Indicators” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 20.1;  
  
“LOA” or “Letter of Award” means the letter of award referred to in Recital (D);  
  
“Lead Member” shall mean the lead member of the Consortium, and in the event there is no 
Consortium, the Selected Bidder;  
  
“Lenders’ Representative” means the person duly authorised by the Senior Lenders to act for and 
on behalf of the Senior Lenders with regard to matters arising out of or in relation to this Agreement, 
and includes his successors, assigns and substitutes;  
“Lessor” means the manufacturer or owner of the Buses or any other Person who provides the Buses 
on lease to the Operator for supply to the Authority in accordance with this Agreement.  
“Licensed Premises” shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 10.2.2;  
  
“Lot(s)” means the Buses procured, by the Operator, in lots as per the Delivery Schedule;  
 
“Lot Commercial Operation Date” or “Lot COD” shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 14.2.3; 
 
“Maintenance Depots” shall mean the bus depots and/or terminals to be handed over by the 
Authority to the Operator for the Buses at the Depot Sites specified in Schedule-A, in accordance 
with the Minimum Maintenance Depot Specifications, Applicable Laws and Good Industry Practices;  
 
“Maintenance Depot Completion Certificate” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 12.5.4; 
 

--- Page 303 ---
 
210 
“Maintenance Depot Completion Date” means the date on which the Completion Certificate is 
issued under the provisions of Article 14;  
 
“Maintenance Inspection Report” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 19.3;  
  
“Maintenance Manual” shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 17.2.1;  
  
“Maintenance Obligations” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 17.1.1;  
  
“Maintenance Requirements” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 17.4;  
 
“Material Adverse Effect” means a material adverse effect of any act or event on the ability of either 
Party to perform any of its obligations under and in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement 
and which act or event causes a material financial burden or loss to either Party;  
  
“Minimum Escrow Balance” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 27.1.3; 
 
“Minimum Maintenance Depot Specifications” means the minimum specifications and standards 
according to which the Maintenance Depots are required to be designed, constructed and completed 
prior to its handover by the Authority to the Operator in accordance with the requirements of this 
Agreement, as set forth in Schedule [].  
 
“Monthly Fees” shall mean the Fees payable to the Operator for each month after commencement of 
the Bus Services and which shall be calculated in accordance with Article 22; 
 
“Monthly Assured Payment Amount” shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 22.3.2; 
 
“Monthly Assured Payment Invoice” shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 22.3.3; 
 
“MW” means minimum wages (skilled category) as notified by the relevant Government 
Instrumentality in accordance with Applicable Laws. 
 
“Non-Political Event” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 29.2;  
  
“Nominated Company” means a company, incorporated under the provisions of the Companies Act, 
1956, or the Companies Act, 2013, as the case may be, selected by the Operator, and proposed to the 
Authority for assignment/transfer of the Agreement;  
  
“NPV” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 36.3;  
  
“Operation and Maintenance” or “O&M” means operation and maintenance of the Buses, the 
Maintenance Depot and the Charging Infrastructure, as the case may be, and includes all matters 
connected with or incidental to such maintenance, and provision of services and facilities in 
accordance with the provisions of this Agreement;  
  
“O&M Contract” means the maintenance contract that may be entered into between the Operator 
and the O&M Contractor for performance of all or any of the O&M obligations;  
  
“O&M Contractor” means the person, if any, with whom the Operator has entered into an O&M 
Contract for discharging O&M obligations for and on behalf of the Operator;  

--- Page 304 ---
 
211 
 
“O&M Expenses” means expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Operator or by the Authority, as 
the case may be, for all O&M including (a) cost of salaries and other compensation to employees, (b) 
cost of materials, supplies, utilities and other services, (c) premia for insurance, (d) all taxes, duties, 
cess and fees due and payable for O&M, (e) all repair, replacement, reconstruction, reinstatement, 
improvement and maintenance costs, (f) payments required to be made under any other contract in 
connection with or incidental to O&M, and (g) all other expenditure required to be incurred under 
Applicable Laws, Applicable Permits or this Agreement;  
 
“Operation Manual” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 16.3.1;  
 
“Operational Infractions” shall mean those events, incidents or circumstances of sub-optimal 
performance and/or non-compliance with the Operations and Maintenance requirements in this 
Agreement which are as set out in Schedule-T.  
 
“Operational Route” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 16.4.1;  
 
“Operator Applicable Permits” shall mean those Applicable Permits that are required to be obtained 
by the Operator as set out in Schedule-C; 
  
“Operator Default” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 32.1.1; 
 
“Operator Indemnified Parties” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 37.1.2;  
 
“Opportunity Charging Stations” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 16.4.8; 
 
“Overnight Charge” or “Overnight Charging” means, with respect to each Bus, the ability to fully 
charge the battery of such Bus from full discharge, between the time such Bus is scheduled to arrive 
at the Maintenance Depot after completing its operations on any day and the time such Bus is next 
scheduled to commence operations (which may be on the immediately next day), in each case in 
accordance with the Deployment Plan. 
 
“Panel of Chartered Accountants” shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 26.2.1;   
  
“Parties” means the parties to this Agreement collectively and “Party” shall mean any of the parties 
to this Agreement individually;   
  
“Passenger Charter” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 20.10;   
  
“Performance Security” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 9.1.1;   
 
“PK Fee” means the amount in INR payable by the Authority to the Operator for each kilometer of 
bus operation under this Agreement and at which the LOA has been awarded to the Operator.  
 
“PKM” or “Passenger Kilometres” means the cumulative distance travelled by Users on the Buses 
in a day;  
 
“Political Event” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 29.4;  
   

--- Page 305 ---
 
212 
“Project” means the supply, operation and maintenance of Buses and the Fit Out Works, operation 
and maintenance of the Maintenance Depots in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, 
and includes all works, services and equipment relating to or in respect of the Scope of the Agreement;  
  
“Project Agreements” means this Agreement, construction contracts, supply contracts, O&M 
Contract, the Bus Lease Agreement and any other material agreements or contracts that may be 
entered into by the Operator with any person in connection with matters relating to, arising out of or 
incidental to this Agreement, but does not include any agreement for goods and services for the 
Maintenance Depots;  
  
“Project Assets” means all physical and other assets relating to and forming part of the Depot Sites 
and Maintenance Depots, including: 
  
(a) rights over the Licensed Premises in the form of licence, Right of Way or otherwise;  
(b) tangible assets such as civil works and equipment including foundations, embankments, 
electrical systems, communication systems and administrative offices;  
(c) all rights of the Operator under the Project Agreements;  
(d) financial assets, such as receivables, security deposits etc.;  
(e) insurance proceeds; and  
(f) Applicable Permits and authorisations relating to or in respect of the Project;   
  
“Project Milestones” means the project milestones set forth in Schedule-E;  
 
“Protected Documents” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 40.3;  
  
“Prototype” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 13.4.1;  
  
“Provisional Maintenance Manual” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 17.2.1;  
  
“Provisional Operation Manual” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 16.3.1;  
  
“Punch List” shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 14.1.5;  
  
“Re.”, “Rs.” or “Rupees” or “Indian Rupees” means the lawful currency of the Republic of India;  
  
“Real Estate Development” shall have the meaning set forth in Annex-II ;  
  
“Reference Exchange Rate” means, in respect of any one currency that is to be converted into 
another currency in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, the exchange rate as of 12.00 
(twelve) noon on the relevant date quoted in Delhi by the State Bank of India, and in the absence of 
such rate, the average of similar rates quoted in Delhi by the Bank of India and the Bank of Baroda;  
  
“Reference Index Date” for and in respect of a Year, means the last date of the month which shall 
have closed no later than 30 (thirty) days prior to commencement of that Year;  
  
“Request for Proposals” or “RFP” shall have the meaning as set forth in Recital (B);  
  

--- Page 306 ---
 
213 
“Revision of Fee” shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 22.4.1;  
 
“Right of Way” means the constructive possession of the Depot Sites, together with all way leaves, 
easements, unrestricted access and other rights of way, howsoever described, necessary for 
construction, operation and maintenance of the Maintenance Depots [and Real Estate 
Development]10, in accordance with this Agreement;  
 
“Safety” means general safety and severe safety;   
 
“Safety Requirements” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 18.1;  
 
“Scheduled COD” shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 14.3; 
 
“Scheduled CP Satisfaction Date” shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 4.2(a); 
 
“Scheduled Maintenance” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 17.2.2; 
 
“Scheduled Maintenance Depot Completion Date” shall have the meaning set forth in Clause 
12.5.1;  
  
“Scope of the Agreement” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 2.1;  
  
“Selected Bidder” shall have the meaning as set forth in Recital (C);  
  
“Senior Lenders” means the financial institutions, banks, multilateral lending agencies, trusts, funds 
and agents or trustees of debenture holders, including their successors and assignees or lessors in case 
of leasing of assets, who have agreed to guarantee or provide finance to the Operator under any of the 
Financing Agreements for meeting all or any part of the Total Project Cost and who hold pari passu 
charge on the assets, rights, title and interests of the Operator;  
 
“Severe Safety” means an event of a Major Accident causing a loss of life or a grievous injury due 
to which a person is detained in hospital as an “in patient” or if any one of the following injuries are 
sustained whether or not he or she is detained in the hospital such as fractures, concussions, internal 
injuries, crushing, severe cuts and lacerations or severe general shock requiring medical treatment 
and victim may or may not require ICU admission. 
  
“Spares” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 17.3.2;  
  
“Specifications and Standards” means the specifications and standards relating to the quality, 
quantity, capacity and other requirements for the Buses and Maintenance Depots, as set forth in 
Schedule-B, and any modifications thereof, or additions thereto, as included in the design and 
engineering for the Buses submitted by the Operator to, and expressly approved by, the Authority;  
  
“Specified Assets” means and includes such of the Project Assets which are constructed, acquired or 
installed after the [5th (fifth)] anniversary of COD, but before the [10th (tenth)] anniversary thereof; 
and but shall in no case include land.  
  
“Specified Documents” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 40.1;  
 
10 Drafting Note – To be deleted if Real Estate Development is not included. 

--- Page 307 ---
 
214 
  
“Start Punctuality” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 20.4.1;  
  
“State” means the State of [●] and  
 
“State Government” means the government of [●];  
 
“Statutory Auditors” means a reputable firm of chartered accountants acting as the statutory auditors 
of the Operator under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 including any re-enactment or 
amendment thereof, for the time being in force;  
  
“Substitution Agreement” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 35.4.1;  
 
“Suspension” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 31.1;  
  
“Taxes” means any Indian taxes including the goods and services tax, excise duties, customs duties, 
value added tax, sales tax, local taxes, cess and any impost or surcharge of like nature (whether Central, 
State or local) on the goods, materials, equipment and services incorporated in and forming part of the 
Project, which are charged, levied or imposed by any Government Instrumentality, but excluding any 
interest, penalties and other sums in relation thereto imposed on any account whatsoever. For the 
avoidance of doubt, Taxes shall not include taxes on corporate income;  
  
“Termination” means the termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms;  
  
“Termination Notice” means the communication issued in accordance with this Agreement by one  
Party to the other Party terminating this Agreement;  
  
“Termination Payment” means the amount payable by the Authority under and in accordance with 
the provisions of this Agreement, upon Termination and includes Additional Termination Payment.  
For the avoidance of doubt, it is expressly agreed that the amount payable shall be subject to the 
limitations specified in Clause 32.3;  
  
“Tests” means the tests as set forth in Schedule-H to determine the conformity of Buses with the 
provisions of this Agreement;  
  
“Total Project Cost” means the capital cost incurred on construction and financing of the Project, 
excluding Real Estate Development, and shall be limited to the lowest of:  
(a) the capital cost* of the project as set forth in the Financial Package; 
(b) the actual capital cost of the Project upon completion;  
 
*Capital cost per bus calculated at 50% of the PK fee quoted by the bidder at Net Present Value 
(NPV) of Net Present Value (NPV) of all future payments, using total minimum  Assured monthly 
Kilometers run and total contract period, cost of the bus will be calculated using 10.5 % discount rate, 
to be compounded on monthly basis. This will be calculated using the following formula. 
 
𝑪𝒐𝒔𝒕 𝒐𝒇 𝑩𝒖𝒔=𝒂
𝒓൬𝟏− 𝟏
(𝟏+𝒓)𝒏൰ 
 
 

--- Page 308 ---
 
215 
Where,  
a – Monthly equal payment for Capital Cost  
= 0.5 * L1 GCC Rate * Assured Monthly Kilometers run 
r - Monthly discount rate in decimals 
n - Contract Period in months  
 
provided that in the event of Termination, the Total Project Cost shall be deemed to be modified to the 
extent of variation in WPI or Reference Exchange Rate occurring in respect of Adjusted Equity and 
Debt Due, as the case may be, in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement; provided further 
that in the event WPI increases, on an average, by more than 6% (six per cent) per annum for the period 
between the date hereof and COD, the Parties shall meet, as soon as reasonably practicable, and agree 
upon revision of the amount herein before specified such that the effect of increase in WPI, in excess 
of such 6% (six per cent), is reflected in the Total Project Cost. For the avoidance of doubt, it is agreed 
that Total Project Cost shall not include the cost of Specified Assets.  
 
“Total Scheduled Bus Kilometers” shall have the meaning as set forth in Schedule-J;  
  
“Training Obligations” shall have the meaning as set forth inArticle 5;  
  
“Transfer Date” means the date of completion of the services under this Agreement or termination of 
the Agreement by a Termination Notice;  
  
“Trip Frequency” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 20.5.1;  
 
“Unscheduled Maintenance” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 17.2.4; 
  
“Unsubsidised Buses” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 22.6.2; 
 
“User” means a person who uses or intends to use the Buses on payment of User Fare or in accordance 
with the provisions of this Agreement and Applicable Laws;  
  
“User Fare” means the fare payable by users for traveling on the Bus;  
  
“Vesting Certificate” shall have the meaning as set forth in Clause 33.5.  
 
 
  
 
  

--- Page 309 ---
 
216 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF THE PARTIES HAVE EXECUTED AND DELIVERD THIS 
AGREEMENT AS OF THE DAY, MONTH AND YEAR FIRST ABOVE WRITTEN.  
  
SIGNED, SEALED AND DELIVERED  THE COMMON SEAL OF OPERATOR has been  
For and on behalf of   affixed pursuant to the resolution passed by the  
THE AUTHORITY by:  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
(Signature)  
(Name)  
(Designation)  
(Address)  
(Fax No.)  
(E-mail Address)  
  
  
In the presence of:  
1.  
  
  
Board of Directors of the Operator at its 
meeting held on the ………...day of 20……… 
hereunto affixed in the presence of 
………………. Director, who has signed 
these presents in token thereof and  
………………… Company Secretary / 
Authorised Officer who has countersigned the 
same in token thereof£:  
  
  
  
  
 
 
(Signature)  
(Name)  
(Designation)  
(Address)  
(Fax No.)  
(E-mail Address)  
  
 
 
2.  
  

--- Page 310 ---
 
217 
  
   
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
£ To be affixed in accordance with the articles of association of the Operator and the resolution passed by its Board of 
Directors  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 

--- Page 311 ---
 
218 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SCHEDULES 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

--- Page 312 ---
 
219 
  
   
 
 
SCHEDULE-A : SITE OF THE MAINTENANCE DEPOT 
(See Clause 10.1)  
  
1 The Depot Site  
  
1.1 Depot Site shall include the land described in Annex-I of this Schedule-A.  
  
1.2 An inventory of the Site including the land, buildings, structures, road works, trees and any other 
immovable property on, or attached to the Site shall be prepared jointly by the Authority Representative 
and the Operator, and such inventory shall form part of the memorandum referred to in Clause 10.3.1 
of the Agreement.   

--- Page 313 ---
 
220 
Annex - I  
Site of the Depot  
 
[●]  
  
Note: Through suitable Drawings and description in words, the land comprising the Site shall be specified 
briefly but precisely. In the event there are any buildings or structures on the Site, the same shall be marked in 
the Drawings and briefly described in words.   

--- Page 314 ---
 
221 
  
[Annex-II  
Real Estate Development]  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

--- Page 315 ---
 
222 
[Annex - III  
Funded Works  
(See Clause 12.6)   
[●]  
  
Note: Briefly but precisely list the work to be included in Funded Works along with the lump sum amount of 
capital cost of each of the listed works.]  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

--- Page 316 ---
 
223 
SCHEDULE-B : SPECIFICATIONS AND STANDARDS 
(See Clause 13.1)  
  
 
1. The Operator shall comply with the Bus Specifications (including specifications for ITS) set forth in 
Volume 3 – Technical Specifications for procurement of Buses.  
 
  
2. Latest bus specifications, currently [Urban Bus Specifications - II issued by Ministry of Urban 
Development, GoI in April 2013, the AIS 052 – Bus Body Code issued by the Automotive Research 
Association of India (“ARAI”) in 2015, and the Central Motor Vehicles Rules, 1989 or latest], should 
be followed unless changes are specified to this schedule by the Authority.  
 
 
3. The Operator should comply with the Branding Guidelines as set forth by MHI while deployment of 
Buses. 
 
 
4. Subject to the provisions of this Schedule, procurement of Bus shall conform to Applicable Laws and 
the latest bus specifications published by Ministry of Urban Development, MoRTH, GoI. An 
authenticated copy of the latest bus specifications has been provided to the Operator as part of the 
RFP.  
 
 
5. Deviations from the aforesaid bus specifications shall be listed out here. Such deviations shall be 
specified only if they are considered essential in view of project-specific requirements.  

--- Page 317 ---
 
224 
SCHEDULE-C : APPLICABLE PERMITS 
(See Clause 4.1.3 & 5.1.11) 
  
 
I.   The following permits shall be obtained by the Operator:  
  
1. For Buses 
  
(a) Commercial Vehicle Permit  
(b) Certificate of Registration of Buses  
(c) Certificate of Fitness   
(d) Bus Insurance  
(e) Customs Clearance Certificate (if needed)  
  
2. For Maintenance Depot 
 
Any civil and electricial work executed by the operator to support operations and maintenance of buses is 
required to be submitted to the Authority for approval. Post the approval of the Authority, the operator is 
required to identify the applicable permits required for execution of the works and fitments. The operator will 
be required to complete the applicable permission from the concerned state and local authorities with support 
in documentation and submission from the Authority. The cost of applicable permits is to be borne by the 
Operator. 
  
(a) Fire safety clearance from Fire Department (if any) 
(b) Insurance for Depot, Electrical & Civil Infrastructure and other operator owned & maintained 
assets 
(c) Customs Clearance Certificate for any testing or maintenance equipment (if needed)  
(d) Clearance of Pollution Control Board for installation of diesel generator sets  
(e) License for use of explosives (if needed) 
(f) License from Inspector of factories or other competent authority  
(g) Clearance of Pollution Control Board for Asphalt Plant (if needed)  
(h) Any other permits or clearances required under Applicable Laws  
 
II.   The following permits shall be procured by the Authority:  
  
1. No Objection Certificate from State Transport Department or RTA or from State Transport 
Undertaking as applicable and for inter-state operations, from all concerned 
governments/authorities     
2. Fare Notification 
3. Stage Carriage Permit  
4. Conductor’s License 
5. Permits for Building Plan in accordance with the applicable State Act and by-laws 
6. Permission of State Government for cutting of trees 
7. Permission of State Government for water supply (if needed) 
8. Applicable Environment Clearance from State Government  
  

--- Page 318 ---
 
225 
SCHEDULE-D : PERFORMANCE SECURITY 
(See Clause 9.1)  
  
 
………………………  
Government of …………….,  
……………………  
 
WHEREAS:   
 
A.  The [MUNICIPAL ADMINISTRATION] of [•], acting through {.........................}, [•], and having 
its head office at {………….}  (hereinafter referred to as the “Authority” or, which expression shall, 
unless excluded by and/or repugnant to the context, mean and include its successors, legal 
representatives and permitted assigns) of the one part;  
 
AND 
 
{****** Limited}, having its registered office at {………….} represented through its ****** 
(hereinafter referred to as the “Operator”, which expression shall, unless it be repugnant or contrary 
to the subject or context thereof, be deemed to mean and include its legal representatives, successors 
and permitted assigns) of the other part.   
 
The Authority and the Operator are hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Parties” and 
individually as a “Party”.  
 
B. The Agreement requires the Operator to furnish a Performance Security to the Authority in a 
sum of Rs ……………………… (Rupees ……………. only) (the “Guarantee Amount”) as security 
for due and faithful performance of its obligations, under and in accordance with the Agreement, during 
the term of the Agreement Period (as defined in the Agreement).  
  
C. We, ………………………through our Branch at…………………………………(the 
“Bank”) have agreed to furnish this Bank Guarantee by way of Performance Security.  
 
NOW, THEREFORE, the Bank hereby, unconditionally and irrevocably, guarantees and affirms as follows:  
 
1. The Bank hereby unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees the due and faithful performance of the 
Operator’s obligations during the Agreement Period, under and in accordance with the Agreement, and 
agrees and undertakes to pay to the Authority, upon its mere first written demand, and without any 
demur, reservation, recourse, contest or protest, and without any reference to the Operator, such sum 
or sums up to an aggregate sum of the Guarantee Amount as the Authority shall claim, without the 
Authority being required to prove or to show grounds or reasons for its demand and/or for the sum 
specified therein.  
 
2. A letter from the Authority, under the hand of an Officer not below the rank of the 
………………………,  that the Operator has committed default in the due and faithful performance of 
all or any of its obligations under and in accordance with the Agreement shall be conclusive, final and 
binding on the Bank. The Bank further agrees that the Authority shall be the sole judge as to whether 
the Operator is in default in due and faithful performance of its obligations during the Agreement Period 
under the Agreement and its decision that the Operator is in default shall be final, and binding on the 

--- Page 319 ---
 
226 
Bank, notwithstanding any differences between the Authority and the Operator, or any dispute between 
them pending before any court, tribunal, arbitrators or any other authority or body, or by the discharge 
of the Operator for any reason whatsoever.  
 
3. In order to give effect to this Guarantee, the Authority shall be entitled to act as if the Bank were the 
principal debtor and any change in the constitution of the Operator and/or the Bank, whether by their 
absorption with any other body or corporation or otherwise, shall not in any way or manner affect the 
liability or obligation of the Bank under this Guarantee.  
 
4. It shall not be necessary, and the Bank hereby waives any necessity, for the Authority to proceed against 
the Operator before presenting to the Bank its demand under this Guarantee.  
 
5. The Authority shall have the liberty, without affecting in any manner the liability of the Bank under 
this Guarantee, to vary at any time, the terms and conditions of the Agreement or to extend the time or 
period for the compliance with, fulfilment and/ or performance of all or any of the obligations of the 
Operator contained in the Agreement or to postpone for any time, and from time to time, any of the 
rights and powers exercisable by the Authority against the Operator, and either to enforce or forbear 
from enforcing any of the terms and conditions contained in the Agreement and/or the securities 
available to the Authority, and the Bank shall not be released from its liability and obligation under 
these presents by any exercise by the Authority of the liberty with reference to the matters aforesaid or 
by reason of time being given to the Operator or any other forbearance, indulgence, act or omission on 
the part of the Authority or of any other matter or thing whatsoever which under any law relating to 
sureties and guarantors would but for this provision have the effect of releasing the Bank from its 
liability and obligation under this Guarantee and the Bank hereby waives all of its rights under any 
such law.  
 
6. This Guarantee is in addition to and not in substitution of any other guarantee or security now or which 
may hereafter be held by the Authority in respect of or relating to the Operator for the fulfilment, 
compliance and/or performance of all or any of the obligations of the Operator under the Agreement.  
 
7. Notwithstanding anything contained hereinbefore, the liability of the Bank under this Guarantee is 
restricted to the Guarantee Amount and this Guarantee will remain in force until a period of 90 (ninety) 
days beyond the Contract Period and unless a demand or claim in writing is made by the Authority on 
the Bank under this Guarantee, no later than 3 (three)  months from the date of expiry of this Guarantee, 
all rights of the Authority under this Guarantee shall be forfeited and the Bank shall be relieved from 
its liabilities hereunder.  
 
8. The Bank undertakes not to revoke this Guarantee during its currency, except with the previous express 
consent of the Authority in writing, and declares and warrants that it has the power to issue this 
Guarantee and the undersigned has full powers to do so on behalf of the Bank.  
 
9. Any notice by way of request, demand or otherwise hereunder may be sent by post addressed to the 
Bank at its above referred Branch, which shall be deemed to have been duly authorised to receive such 
notice and to effect payment thereof forthwith, and if sent by post it shall be deemed to have been given 
at the time when it ought to have been delivered in due course of post and in proving such notice, when 
given by post, it shall be sufficient to prove that the envelope containing the notice was posted and a 
certificate signed by an officer of the Authority that the envelope was so posted shall be conclusive.  
 

--- Page 320 ---
 
227 
10. This Guarantee shall come into force with immediate effect and shall remain in force and effect until 
90 (ninety) days from the end of the Contract Period or until it is released earlier by the Authority 
pursuant to the provisions of the Agreement.  
 
Signed and sealed this ............. day of ............. , 20 .......... at  
 
SIGNED, SEALED AND DELIVERED  
For and on behalf of the BANK by:  
(Signature)  
(Name)  
(Designation)  
 (Code Number)  
  
(Address)  
NOTES:  
  
i. The bank guarantee should contain the name, designation and code number of the officer(s) 
signing the guarantee.  
  
ii. The address, telephone number and other details of the Head Office of the Bank as well as of 
issuing Branch should be mentioned on the covering letter of issuing Branch.  
  

--- Page 321 ---
 
228 
ATTACHMENT -I to SCHEDULE-D 
PERFORMANCE SECURITY FORM (For Insurance Surety Bond) 
(To be stamped in accordance with Stamp Act of India) 
 
Insurance Surety Bond No.: ........................… 
Date: ...................……... 
NOA/Contract No..................................... 
 
 
…………..[Name of Contract]……………………. 
 
To: [Name and address of the Owner] 
 
Dear Ladies and/or Gentlemen, 
 
We refer to the Contract ("the Contract")  
 
vide notification of award issued on ............ (insert date of the notification of award)….by you to M/s ................. 
(Name of Contractor) ..................,  
 
(or) 
 
signed on ..............(insert date of the Contract)…..... between you  and M/s ................. (Name of Contractor) 
..................,  
 
having its Principal place of business at ………....(Address of Contractor) ............................... and Registered 
Office at ………....(Registered address of Contractor) ........................................................................................ 
("the Contractor") concerning …….................….. (Indicate brief scope of work) ............................... for the 
complete execution of the …… (insert name of Package alongwith name of the Project)…….. [Applicable for 
Insurance Surety Bond issued by Contractor/Associate for those Contracts awarded to them] 
 
Or 
 
We refer to the Contract  
 
signed on ..............(insert date of the Contract)…..... between you and M/s ................. (Name of Contractor) 
..................,  
 (or) 
vide notification of award issued on …….(insert date of the notification of award)….. by you to M/s ................. 
(Name of Contractor) .................. 
 
having its Principal place of business at ………....(Address of Contractor) ............................... and Registered 
Office at ………....(Registered address of Contractor) ........................................................................................ 
("the Contractor") and the Contract ("the Contract") signed on ..............(insert date of the Contract)…..... 
between you and M/s ................. (Name of Associate) .................., having its Principal place of business at 
………....(Address of Associate) ............................... and Registered Office at ………....(Registered address of 
Associate) ........................................................................................, the Associate of the Contractor for 
executing the Facilities concerning …….................….. (Indicate brief scope of work) ............................... for 
the complete execution of the …… (insert name of Package along with name of the Project)…….. [Applicable 
for Insurance Surety Bond to be issued by Contractor against those Contracts awarded to their Associate] 
 
 
By this letter we, the undersigned, ………(insert name & address of the issuing Insurer) ………, a Insurer 
(which  expression shall include its successors, administrators, executors and assigns) organized under the laws 

--- Page 322 ---
 
229 
of .................................... and having its Registered/Head Office at …..…….(insert address of registered office 
of the Insurer)……..... do hereby irrevocably guarantee payment to you up to ………………………….. i.e., 
Ten percent (10%) of the Contract Price until ninety (90) days beyond the Defect Liability Period i.e., upto and 
inclusive of ……………. (dd/mm/yy). 
 
We undertake to make payment under this Insurance Surety Bond upon receipt by us of your first written 
demand signed by your duly authorized officer declaring the Contractor to be in default under the Contract and 
without cavil or argument any sum or sums within the above named limits, without your need to prove or show 
grounds or reasons for your demand and without the right of the Contractor to dispute or question such demand. 
 
Our liability under this Insurance Surety Bond shall be to pay to you whichever is the lesser of the sum so 
requested or the amount then guaranteed hereunder in respect of any demand duly made hereunder prior to 
expiry of the Letter of Guarantee, without being entitled to inquire whether or not this payment is lawfully 
demanded. 
 
This Insurance Surety Bond shall remain in full force and shall be valid from the date of issue until ninety 
(90) days beyond the Defect Liability Period of the Facilities i.e. upto and inclusive of ……………. (dd/mm/yy) 
and shall be extended from time to time for such period (not exceeding one year), as may be desired by M/s. 
……………………… on whose behalf this Letter of Guarantee has been given. 
 
Except for the documents herein specified, no other documents or other action shall be required, notwithstanding 
any applicable law or regulation. 
 
Our liability under this Insurance Surety Bond shall become null and void immediately upon its expiry, 
whether it is returned or not, and no claim may be made hereunder after such expiry or after the aggregate of 
the sums paid by us to you shall equal the sums guaranteed hereunder, whichever is the earlier. 
 
All notices to be given under shall be given by registered (airmail) posts to the addressee at the address herein 
set out or as otherwise advised by and between the parties hereto. 
 
We hereby agree that any part of the Contract may be amended, renewed, extended, modified, compromised, 
released or discharged by mutual agreement between you and the Contractor, and this security may be 
exchanged or surrendered without in any way impairing or affecting our liabilities hereunder without notices to 
us and without the necessity for any additional endorsement, consent or guarantee by us, provided, however, 
that the sum guaranteed shall not be increased or decreased. 
 
No action, event or condition which by any applicable law should operate to discharge us from liability 
hereunder shall have any effect and we hereby waive any right we may have to apply such law so that in all 
respects our liability hereunder shall be irrevocable and, except as stated herein, unconditional in all respects. 
 
Notwithstanding anything contained herein: 
 
1.  Our liability under this Insurance Surety Bond shall not exceed _________ (value in 
figures)____________ [_____________________ (value in words)____________]. 
 
2.   This Insurance Surety Bond shall be valid upto ________(validity date)__________. 
 
3.  We are liable to pay the guaranteed amount or any part thereof under this Insurance Surety Bond only & 
only if we receive a written claim or demand on or before ________ (validity date) __________. 
 
For and on behalf of the Insurer 
 
[Signature of the authorised signatory(ies)] 

--- Page 323 ---
 
230 
Signature_______________________ 
 
Name_______________________ 
 
Designation_______________________ 
 
 
Contact Number(s): Tel.______________Mobile______________ 
 
Fax Number_______________________ 
  
email ____________________________ 
 
Common Seal of the Insurer ______________________ 
Witness: 
Signature_______________________ 
 
Name_______________________ 
 
Address______________________________ 
 
Contact Number(s): Tel.______________Mobile______________ 
 
email ____________________________ 
Note: 
1. The Insurance Surety Bond should be on Non-Judicial stamp paper/e-stamp paper of appropriate 
value as per Stamp Act prevailing in the state(s) where the Insurance Surety Bond is submitted 
or is to be acted upon or the rate prevailing in State where the Insurance Surety Bond is executed, 
whichever is higher. The Stamp Paper/e-stamp paper shall be purchased in the name of 
Bidder/Insurer issuing the Insurance Surety Bond. 
  
2. The Insurance Surety Bond shall be signed on all the pages by the Insurer Authorities and should 
invariably be witnessed. 
 
3. The Insurance Surety Bond shall be from an Insurer as per guidelines issued by Insurance 
Regulatory and Development Authority of India (IRDAI) as amended from time to time. 
 
4. The Employer shall be the Creditor, the Bidder shall be the Principal debtor and the Insurance 
company/Insurer shall be the Surety in respect of the Insurance Surety Bond to be issued by the 
Insurer. 
 
5. While getting the Insurance Surety Bond issued, Contractors/ Suppliers are required to ensure 
compliance to the points mentioned in Form of Insurance Surety Bond. 
  

--- Page 324 ---
 
231 
ATTACHMENT -II to SCHEDULE-D 
FORM FOR FORFEITURE OF INSURANCE SURETY BOND 
To: (insert Name and Address of the Insurer) 
 
Ref..: Forfeiture of Performance Security Amount against Insurance Surety Bond No. …… …………… 
dated ………… for …………….., issued by you on behalf of M/s. ………(insert name of the Bidder) 
………... 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Please refer to the subject Insurance Surety Bond executed by you in our favour for ……………………. as 
Performance Security for the bid submitted by M/s. ………(insert name of the Bidder) ………... against ….. 
(insert name of the Package) ………. ; Specification No. ……………………. 
 
As per the terms of the said guarantee, the Insurer has guaranteed and undertaken to pay immediately on 
demand by the Employer the amount of …………….. without any reservation, protest, demur and recourse. 
Further, any demand made by the Employer shall be conclusive and binding on the Insurer irrespective of any 
dispute or difference raised by the Bidder. 
 
In terms of the said guarantee, we hereby submit our claim/demand through this letter for remittance of 
Performance Security amount to …. (insert name of the Employer) ……..  owing to the occurrence of the 
condition referred to at Sl. No. …….. The Insurer is requested to remit the full guaranteed sum 
………………………. towards proceeds of the performance security in the form of Demand Draft in favour of 
‘…. (insert name of the Employer) …….’, payable at ….(insert place of the Employer)….’.   
 
Thanking you, 
 
 
   For..................(Name of the Employer) 
 
    (AUTHORISED SIGNATORY) 
 
Copy to: 
…..(Registered Office of the Insurer)…. 
  

--- Page 325 ---
 
232 
ATTACHMENT -III to SCHEDULE-D 
FORM FOR CONDITIONAL CLAIM PENDING EXTENSION IN INSURANCE SURETY BOND 
To: (insert Name and Address of the Insurer) 
 
Ref..: Conditional Claim against Insurance Surety Bond No. …… …………… dated ………… for 
…………….. valid up to …………… issued by you on behalf of M/s. ………(insert name of the Bidder) 
………... 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Please refer to the subject Insurance Surety Bond executed by you in our favour on behalf of M/s. 
………(insert name of the Bidder) ………..., who have submitted this Insurance Surety Bond to us towards 
Performance Security against ….. (insert name of the Package) ………. ; Specification No. 
……………………. 
 
We, ………. (insert name of the Employer) ……….. do hereby request you to lodge our claim/demand against 
the subject Insurance Surety Bond for full guaranteed sum. Kindly note that this claim/demand against the 
subject Insurance Surety Bond is without any further notice in case the amendment to Insurance Surety Bond 
No. …………….. dated …………..  extending its validity upto ………………. is not got arranged by 
………(insert name of the Bidder) ………... in our favour and are not received by us upto …………... In such 
an event you are requested to remit the full guaranteed amount in terms of the subject guarantee in its letter and 
spirit and proceeds of this Insurance Surety Bond shall be forwarded to us in form of demand draft in favour 
of ‘…. (insert name of the Employer) ……., payable at ….(insert place of the Employer)….’. 
 
This is without prejudice to our right under this guarantee, any other related document with reference to this 
guarantee and under the law. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
   For..................(Name of the Employer) 
 
    (AUTHORISED SIGNATORY) 
Copy to: 
(insert Name and Address of the Bidder) 
 
- You are requested to do the needful so that the amendment to the subject Insurance Surety Bond extending 
the validity up to ……………. is received by us by………. 
  

--- Page 326 ---
 
233 
ATTACHMENT -IV to SCHEDULE-D 
FORM OF EXTENSION OF INSURANCE SURETY BOND 
Ref. No................................         Dated:................. 
 
To: [Name and address of the Employer] 
 
 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub.: Extension of Insurance Surety Bond No. …… …………… dated ………… for …………….., issued 
to you on behalf of M/s. ………(insert name of the Contractor) …………... in respect of Contract No. 
……………. dated …………….. for …….. (insert name of the Package alongwith the Project name) 
………. (hereinafter called original Insurance Surety Bond). 
 
At the request of M/s.………… (insert name of the Contractor) ….............., We ………(insert name & address 
of the Insurer) ………, a Insurer organized under the laws of .................................... and having its 
Registered/Head Office at …..…….(insert address of registered office of the Insurer)…….........………… do 
hereby extend our liability under the above-mentioned Insurance Surety Bond No. ………………............. 
Dated ...………... for a further period of .............. Years/Months from ................ to expire on  .................. Except 
as  provided  above, all other terms and conditions  of  the original Insurance Surety Bond No. 
....……………..... dated ........... shall remain unaltered and binding. 
 
Please treat this as an integral part of the original Insurance Surety Bond to which it would be attached. 
 
      
For and on behalf of the Insurer 
 
[Signature of the authorised signatory(ies)] 
Signature_______________________ 
 
Name_______________________ 
 
Designation_______________________ 
 
 
Contact Number(s): Tel.______________Mobile______________ 
 
Fax Number_______________________ 
  
email ____________________________ 
 
Common Seal ______________________ 
 
Witness: 
 
Signature_______________________ 
 
Name_______________________ 
 
Address______________________________ 
 
Contact Number(s): Tel.______________Mobile______________ 

--- Page 327 ---
 
234 
 
email ____________________________ 
 
Note : 
1. The Insurance Surety Bond should be on Non-Judicial stamp paper/e-stamp paper of appropriate 
value as per Stamp Act prevailing in the state(s) where the Insurance Surety Bond is submitted 
or is to be acted upon or the rate prevailing in State where the Insurance Surety Bond is executed, 
whichever is higher. The Stamp Paper/e-stamp paper shall be purchased in the name of 
Contractors/ Suppliers /Insurer issuing the Insurance Surety Bond. 
 
2. The Insurance Surety Bond shall be signed on all the pages by the Insurer Authorities and should 
invariably be witnessed. 
 
3.  The Insurance Surety Bond shall be from an Insurer as per guidelines issued by Insurance 
Regulatory and Development Authority of India (IRDAI) as amended from time to time.  
 
4.  The Employer shall be the Creditor, the Bidder shall be the Principal debtor and the Insurance 
company/Insurer shall be the Surety in respect of the Insurance Surety Bond to be issued by the 
Insurer. 
 
5.  While getting the Insurance Surety Bond issued, Contractors/ `s are required to ensure 
compliance to the points mentioned in corresponding Form of Insurance Surety Bond.  
** 
 
  

--- Page 328 ---
 
235 
SCHEDULE-E : MAINTENANCE DEPOT COMPLETION SCHEDULE 
(See Clause 12.5.1)  
  
 
1. Completion Schedule  
 
During Construction Period, the Operator shall comply with the requirements set forth in this Schedule-
E for each of the Project Milestones and Scheduled Maintenance Depot Completion Date (the 
“Maintenance Depot Completion Schedule”). Within 15 (fifteen) days of the date of each Project 
Milestone, the Operator shall notify the Authority of such compliance along with necessary particulars 
thereof.  
 
2. The completion timeline of the following essential components, inter alia, of construction of 
Maintenance Depot shall be periodically reviewed by the Authority:  
 
(a) Structural Work   
(b) Electrical Work  
(c) IT/Telecom system  
(d) Fire safety system  
(e) Water supply system  
(f) Drainage system 
 
 
4.  Extension of period  
 
Upon extension of any or all of the aforesaid Project Milestones or the Scheduled Maintenance Depot 
Completion Date, as the case may be, under and in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, 
the Maintenance Depot Completion Schedule shall be deemed to have been amended accordingly.  
  

--- Page 329 ---
 
236 
SCHEDULE-F : DESIGN AND DRAWINGS 
(See Clause 12.4 and 13.4)  
 
  
1 Designs and Drawings  
  
1.1 In compliance of the obligations set forth in Clause 12.4 of this Agreement, the Operator shall furnish 
to the Authority, free of cost, all Designs and Drawings listed in clause 3 of this Schedule-F; provided 
that the Designs and Drawings relevant for design review by the Government as specified in Clause 
13.4.2, shall be submitted prior to such review.  
  
1.2 For the purposes hereof, Design shall mean and include plans and Drawings of the Buses or sub-system 
or equipment thereof. Provided that the Operator may share only details regarding the layout of the bus 
and not any other propriety information.  
  
1.3 All Designs shall include maintenance and service manual of the respective sub-systems.  
  
1.4 All Designs and Drawings shall be supplied in hard copy, in duplicate, and in electronic form. All 
Drawings shall be provided in auto-cad format.  
  
1.5 All Designs and Drawings shall conform to and refer to the relevant provisions in the Specifications 
and Standards.  
  
1.6 All Designs and Drawings shall be in English.  
 
  
2 Additional Designs and Drawings  
  
If the Authority determines that for discharging its duties and functions under this Agreement, it 
requires any Designs or Drawings other than those listed in this schedule, it may by notice require the 
Operator to prepare and furnish such Designs and Drawings forthwith. Upon receiving a requisition to 
this effect, the Operator shall promptly prepare and furnish such Designs and Drawings to the 
Authority, as if such Designs and Drawings formed part of this Schedule F. 
 
 
3 Bus, Charging Infrastructure Designs and Drawings  
 
In compliance with the requirement under Clause 13.4.1, the Operator shall provide the following 
Designs and Drawings:  
 (i)   General schematic Drawings  
(ii) Bus offer drawing attached Layout  
(iii) Front, rear and both side views of the offered design of the Bus 
(iv) Charging Infrastructure layout 
 
 
   

--- Page 330 ---
 
237 
SCHEDULE-G :  DELIVERY SCHEDULE 
(See Clause 13.3) 
 
 
Lot No.  Type of Bus  Number of Buses  Timeline for delivery of Buses 
1 9m/12m Minimum 15% of the Quantity 
awarded  
Within 24 weeks from the signing of 
Concession Agreement Date 
 2 9m/12m Minimum 40% of the Quantity 
awarded  
Within 40 weeks from the signing of 
Concession Agreement Date 
 3 9m/12m Minimum 70% of the Quantity 
awarded  
Within 56 weeks from the signing of 
Concession Agreement Date 
 4 9m/12m 100% of the Quantity awarded  Within 72 weeks from the signing of 
Concession Agreement Date 
 
 
The Operators are required to plan the activities like Financial close, prototype testing etc, in such a manner so 
that the above-mentioned timelines are achieved.  

--- Page 331 ---
 
238 
SCHEDULE-H : TESTS 
(See Clause 13.5) 
  
1 Tests  
  
1.1 Save and except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Operator shall conduct, or cause to be 
conducted, each of the Tests specified in this Schedule-H.  
  
1.2 The Authority shall conduct, or cause to be conducted, adequate trial runs of Prototypes to determine 
their compliance with Specifications and Standards, requirements and Safety Requirements.   
  
1.3 Tests to be conducted on the Prototype or its sub-systems, as the case may be, (the “Type Tests”) have 
been specified in Annex-I of this Schedule-H and routine tests to be carried out on all Buses (the 
“Routine Tests”) as per the guidelines issued by the Government of India approved agencies from time 
to time.  
   
1.4 The Operator shall provide the results of all Tests to the Authority for review and comments, if any.   
  
2 Schedule for Tests  
 
2.1 The Operator shall, not later than [●] weeks prior to the likely date of conducting a Type Test, notify 
the Authority of its intent to conduct the Test and furnish particulars of the equipment and methodology 
forming part of the Test.   
 
2.2 The Operator shall notify the Authority of its intent to conduct the Type Test, referred to in paragraph 
2.1 above, at any time after [●] days from the date of such notice. The notice shall specify the place, 
date and time of such Test. Upon receipt of such notice, the Authority may, within [●] days of such 
notice, designate its representative to witness the Test. The Operator shall, whether or not an Authority 
Representative is designated, conduct the Test in accordance with Article 13 and this Schedule-H.  
 
2.3 The Authority may at any time designate its representative to witness any Routine Test on a Bus and 
the Operator shall, upon receipt of a notice to this effect, undertake such Routine Test on a mutually 
agreed date, and in the presence of the Authority Representative.  
 
3 Agency for conducting Tests  
 
Save and except as otherwise specified, all Tests set forth in this Schedule-H shall be conducted by the 
Operator or such other agency or person as it may specify in consultation with the Authority.  
 
4 Tests for Safety certification  
 
Tests for determining the conformity of a Bus with the Safety Requirements shall be conducted in 
accordance with Good Industry Practice and in conformity with Applicable Laws.  
 
5 Acceptance certificate  
 
Upon successful completion of Tests, the Authority shall issue an Acceptance Certificate for the 
Prototype in accordance with the provisions of Article 13.   

--- Page 332 ---
 
239 
Annex - I  
Type Tests  
  
In addition to the standard Type Tests, the following tests shall be conducted for the buses:   
  
S. No.  Applicable Tests  Standard / Regulation  
1  Gradeability  AIS 003 & AIS 049  
2  Pass by noise  IS 3028 & AIS 049  
3  Coast Down Test  IS 14785 & AIS 049  
4  Brake, Base line (Part – 3)  IS 11852 & AIS 049  
5  Brake static (Part - 4)  IS 11852 & AIS 049  
6  Construction and Functional safety requirements  AIS 038  
7  Electrical energy consumption  AIS 039  
8  Range Test  AIS 040 and test defined in Volume 3 
of this RfP 
9  Net Power and Max 30 min power test  AIS 041  
10  Safety requirements of Traction batteries  AIS 038 
11  EMC  AIS 004 (Part 3) & AIS 049  
12 LT Wire AIS 052 & Flammability test as per 
IS:2465-1984 or latest 
13 Floor surface material As mentioned in  Volume 3 (Technical 
specifications) 
  
   

--- Page 333 ---
 
240 
SCHEDULE-I  : OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE REQUIREMENTS 
(See Clause 16.1.1 and Clause 17.4)  
  
 
Bus repair and maintenance generally calls for following activities amongst others at varying intervals / 
periodicity / Km operated by each bus, requirements varying with bus make, model, etc.:  
 
(a) Daily washing and cleaning of buses. 
(b) Periodic inspections and rectifications as required.  
(c) Preventive Maintenance as prescribed by Bus Manufacturer in form of maintenance schedules at certain 
time intervals / Km plied - such maintenance generally varies with period / Km plied by various sub-
systems of a Bus. As an example periodicity of some such maintenance schedules and main activities 
therein are illustrated as under:  
(i) Daily maintenance - oils / lubricants, coolant, air pressure, air inflation, loose fasteners, 
fitments etc. - check, top up, tighten, as required.  
(ii) Monthly / bi-monthly – [•] /[•] Km operation - All activities of earlier schedules and tyre 
condition necessary for corrective / preventive actions.  
(iii) Quarterly – [•] Km operation - All activities of earlier schedules and brake system maintenance 
including but not limited to inspection, servicing, brake lining change / replacement, servicing 
of other brake system items, greasing etc.; vehicle electrical, lighting, alignment, etc.  
(iv) Six monthly – [•] Km - All activities of above schedules, and activities related to steering, 
axles, transmission, tyres, drive line, etc.  
(v) Yearly – [•] Km - All above activities and full checking / inspection of bus chassis, bus bodies 
and their fitments, and taking necessary corrective / preventive actions.  
(vi) Bi-annual / annual - Certification of road worthiness of buses - Initial periodicity being after 
two years for up to certain age then annually.  
(vii) Replacement of in-use bus aggregates at about Mean Time Between Failures (MTBF) to 
prevent failures and consequent costs and inconvenience.  
(d) Running repairs upon driver complaints/ report etc.  
(e) Break down repairs on-site of Bus failures.  
(f) Towing of failed Bus to a depot workshop and repairing the bus failures.  
(g) Accidental vehicles’ towing and or repairs.  
(h) Preparation of buses for periodic roadworthiness certification which includes all types of denting / 
painting of bus bodies / bus body items and operational functionality of chassis items and the bus as a 
whole.  
(i) Bus body and related items repairs / replacements etc. on the basis of periodic inspections / crew reports 
/ general presentation aspects / operational problems reported by commuters / any other stake holders, 
etc.  
(j) Major repairs /calibrations of bus aggregates such as rear axle, traction motor, etc.  
(k) Replacement of failed aggregates with new / serviceable ones.  
(l) Removal, dismantling, repairing, assembling and re-fitment of tyres and rims to buses.  

--- Page 334 ---
 
241 
(m) Repair, replacement of electrical, electronic, ITS, lighting, etc. items, subsystems etc.  
(n) Removal, replacement of items failing due to operational wear and tear, such as brake and clutch lining, 
etc.  
(o) Repair / replacement of seats, upholstery; cleaning, dusting and washing upholstery.   
(p) Denting / painting of buses as per requirement.  
(q) Reconditioning of Bus aggregates such as transmission, axles, steering system, electrical, etc.  
(r) Retrieval of spare parts during / for above processes.  
(s) Repair and re-treading of tyres / repair of tubes.  
(t) Major accidental repair of buses including chassis, bus body and related items.  
(u) Acquisition, storage, inventory management, distribution, scrapping and disposal of spares / items / 
materials / vehicles etc.  
(v) Any other activity related to operation and maintenance of buses.  
(w) Infrastructure and other requirements for repair and maintenance functions of Bus, such as:  
(i) Bus depot duly equipped with requisite plant and equipment, machinery, tools, jigs and 
fixtures, etc.  
(ii) Other facilities as under:  
A. Washing facilities complete with washing machine, water storage and treatment 
facilities, etc.,  
B. Charging infrastructure,  
C. Service pits / ramps etc.,  
D. Painting facilities,  
E. Welding - electric arc and oxy-acetylene gas based,  
F. Tyre repair facilities,  
G. Air compressor and air inflation facilities,  
H. Breakdown van / recovery / towing vehicle etc.  
(iii) Operator Control Centre facilities duly equipped with microprocessors, communications and 
other related facilities.  
(iv) Trained staff for various trades and shifts of work.  
(v) Documents, schedules, manuals etc. for maintenance activities; specifications of spares, etc.  
  

--- Page 335 ---
 
242 
SCHEDULE-J  : DEPLOYMENT PLAN 
 
(See Clause 16.5)  
  
  
The Deployment Plan should include list of Operational Routes including schedule of buses, description of 
bus stops frequencies, headway, number of Buses to be deployed on each Route, and any other information 
the Authority intends to include.  
  
Route 
Number 
From Via To Span of 
Operations 
Number 
of Buses 
Headway List of Bus Stops 
                
                
                
  
Aditionally, the Authority is require to present detailed bus operations schedule including details such as trip 
start time, trip end time, trip length, staff breaks and shift changes and other details to the operator to ensure 
planning and installation of chargers and allied downstream charging infrastructure for the operations of the 
provided schedules. 
  
  
  

--- Page 336 ---
 
243 
SCHEDULE-K : SAFETY REQUIREMENTS 
(See Clause 18.1)  
  
 
1. General Safety Requirements  
 
1.1 The Operator shall be responsible for all safety matters related to the performance of the Project and 
shall manage on behalf of the Authority all safety requirements related to the Bus Service in accordance 
with all Applicable Laws.  
1.2 Without prejudice to the Operator's obligation to ensure all the safety aspects during the Bus 
Operations, the Operator shall:  
(a) comply with Applicable Laws;  
(b) undertake all necessary measures to ensure the safety of all the passengers, contractors, staff 
and the general public; and 
(c) consult with Authority and adopt the requirements of the emergency services;  
 
2. Safety Planning  
 
2.1 The Operator shall participate in any safety and emergency planning with relevant third parties, which 
shall include the Authority and the emergency services which together makes a forum. This forum will 
consider and agree the safety related matters and safety risks associated with the Project, consult with 
relevant internal and external stakeholders and examine these risks in a thorough manner and plan the 
appropriate contingencies.  
 
3. Safety Management  
 
3.1 The Operator shall develop safety procedures for the Project and shall implement the safety procedures 
throughout the Contract Period.  
 
4. Applicable Laws  
 
4.1 The Operator shall, after prior consultation with the Authority, implement all alterations to the Bus 
Service which are required by any Applicable Laws which comes into force after the Effective Date 
relating to safety.  
4.2 The Operator along with its Sub-Contractors shall comply  with all the statutory requirements. 
  

--- Page 337 ---
 
244 
5. Response to Emergencies  
 
5.1 The Operator shall react safely and quickly to emergencies in all aspects of the Project.  
5.2 The Operator shall co-operate with relevant Fire Services, Police, and any other Government 
Instrumentalities wherever necessary.  
5.3 The Operator shall develop an Emergency Management Plan that sets out its predetermined actions to 
providing a response to a major crisis or emergency occurring at Maintenance Depots, and en-Route 
Buses (the “Emergency Management Plan”).  
5.4 In developing the Emergency Management Plan, the Operator shall consult with all relevant 
Government Instrumentalities, emergency services and local authorities.  
5.5 All personnel designated to carry out specific responsibilities under the Emergency Management Plan 
are expected to know and understand the policies and procedures outlined in the Plan. The response to 
any major crisis or disturbance shall always be conducted within the framework of the Plan.  
5.6 The Operator shall ensure that all staff are given clear instructions in line with the Emergency 
Management Plan, including training to deliver public address announcements in a way that avoids 
causing alarm and that instils confidence in passengers that the matter is under control.  
 
6. Reporting of Incidents  
 
6.1 The Operator shall comply with all Applicable Laws relating to the reporting of accidents, incidents, 
severe accidents, injuries, and dangerous occurrences. The Operator shall liaise with the Authority in 
relation to the reporting of any incident and the future measures to be taken to prevent the recurrence 
thereof.  
  
  

--- Page 338 ---
 
245 
SCHEDULE-L : MAINTENANCE DEPOTS EQUIPMENT 
 
(See Clause 17.1)  
  
The operator shall install the following list of equipment to ensure majority of the periodic and unscheduled 
maintenance activities are carried out at the maintenance depots. The equipment required to be installed at the 
depot must include the list of equipment provided below. The list is inclusive and not exhaustive and operator 
shall install additional tools/equipment to ensure maintenance activities of the bus may be undertaken at the 
depots. 
  
S. No. Equipment  
1.   Washing pumps with guns 
2. Fully automatic three brushes bus washing machine with simultaneous chassis and wheel washing 
arrangement and complete with waste water treatment and recycling system 
3.   [Effluent Treatment Plant (ETP)] (if not already available at depot) 
4.   Heavy duty vacuum cleaner  
5.   Fire safety equipment set  
6.   Air compressor  
7.   Paint booth complete with environment control, paint drying system, etc. (As per requirement) 
8.   Lathe machine complete with general tools, jigs and fixtures (as per requirement) 
9.   Radial drilling machine  
10.   Brake drum turning (as per requirement) 
11.   Hydraulic press  
12.   Brake efficiency assessment system  
13.   Wheel alignment  
14.   Head light beam aligner  
15.   Grease pump (Air operated)  
16.   Hand held grease pump  
17.   Pedestal mounted and portable digital, with auto cut-off, tire inflation system  
18.   Nitrogen tire inflation  
19.   Tire - wheel rim dismantling and assembling system / tyre changer  
20.   Wheel balancing equipment  
21. Auto electrical test bench  

--- Page 339 ---
 
246 
S. No. Equipment  
22. AC gas charger with AC gas cylinders (If required) 
23. Battery charger auto cut-off system  
24. Battery tester  
25. Multi-function tester  
26. Hydraulic jack  
27. Hydraulic pallet trolley  
28. Battery operated forklift truck  
29. Break down relief van  
30. Power cutter  
31. Pneumatic impact tools kit  
32. Portable electric welding machine  
33. Portable gas welding machine  
34. Full set of hand tools, including torque wrench, measuring instruments, gauges  
35. Riveting tools, hand drills, riveting guns / equipment  
36. Sheet metal / tubing / structural items cutting, forming facilities / equipment; plywood and 
upholstery cutting and fabrication facilities  
37. Work benches, bench vices. Hand drills, jigs and fixtures, clamping devices,  
 
Additionally, the operator shall set up administrative and training facilities at the maintenance depots for 
monitoring of operations, staff training and resting facilities and incident management at the depots. 
 
S. No Equipment 
1.   Storage facilities for:  
• new materials, spares, aggregates, tyres, oils and lubricants   
• repairable as above scrapped and disposable items as above  
2.   Vehicles for transportation of materials, stores and spares  
3.  Basic Operator Control Centre equipment including those related to IT, ITS, communication, 
display, etc. - hardware and software  
4 Capacity building /training facilities and equipment  
6.   Complete set of workmen cupboards, rest room facilities  
7.   Office furniture, cup boards, all other office requirements  

--- Page 340 ---
 
247 
S. No Equipment 
8.   All utilities- phones, fax, mobile phones, printers, etc. for workshop and other offices  
9.   Vehicles for officers, checking, attending to alerts /emergencies  
10.   Safety and security equipment / facilities  
11.   Water cooler with water filter / purifier  
12 Desktops and laptops, printers, related hard ware and software 
  

--- Page 341 ---
 
248 
SCHEDULE-M : ESCROW AGREEMENT 
(See Clause 27.1)  
  
 
 
THIS ESCROW AGREEMENT is entered into on this the ………..   day of …………..  20…..  
  
AMONGST  
 
1 …………………..  Limited, a company incorporated under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 
and having its registered office at …………………   (hereinafter referred to as the “Operator” which 
expression shall, unless repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, include its successors, permitted 
assigns and substitutes);  
 
2 …………………………………  (name and particulars of the Escrow Bank) and having its registered 
office at  ……………………… (hereinafter referred to as the “Escrow Bank” which expression shall, 
unless repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, include its successors and substitutes); and  
 
3 The Governor of *****, represented by [**** and having its principal offices at ******] (hereinafter 
referred to as the “Authority” which expression shall, unless repugnant to the context or meaning 
thereof, include its administrators, successors and assigns).  
 
WHEREAS: 
  
(A) The Authority has entered into a Supply cum Operation and Maintenance Agreement dated …………..   
with the Operator (the “SCOM Agreement”) for operation of Buses on build, own, and operate basis 
(“BOO”), and a copy of which is annexed hereto and marked as Annex-A to form part of this 
Agreement.  
 
 
(B) The SCOM Agreement requires the Operator to establish an Escrow Account, inter alia, on the terms 
and conditions stated therein.  
 
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the respective covenants and agreements set forth 
in this Agreement, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally 
bound hereby, the Parties agree as follows:  
 
1 DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION  
 
1.1 Definitions  
 
In this Agreement, the following words and expressions shall, unless repugnant to the context or 
meaning thereof, have the meaning hereinafter respectively assigned to them:  
 
“Agreement” means this Escrow Agreement and any amendment thereto made in accordance with the 
provisions contained herein;  
 
“Contract” means the Supply cum Operation and Maintenance Agreement and annexed hereto as 
Annex-A, and shall include all of its Recitals and Schedules and any amendments made thereto in 

--- Page 342 ---
 
249 
accordance with the provisions contained in this behalf therein;  
 
“Cure Period” means the period specified in this Agreement for curing any breach or default of any 
provision of this Agreement by the Operator or the Authority, as the case may be and shall commence 
from the date on which a notice is delivered by the Authority or Operator, to the Operator or the 
Authority, as the case may be, with either the Operator or the Authority asking the other Party to cure 
the breach or default specified in such notice;  
 
“Escrow Account” means an escrow account established in terms of and under this Agreement, and 
shall include the Sub-Accounts (if applicable);  
 
“Escrow Default” shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Clause 6.1;  
 
“Parties” means the parties to this Agreement collectively and “Party shall mean any of the Parties to 
this Agreement individually;  
 
“Payment Date” means, in relation to any payment specified in Clause 4.1, the date(s) specified for 
such payment; and  
 
“Sub-Accounts” means the respective Sub-Accounts, if applicable, of the Escrow Account, into which 
the monies specified in Clause 4.1 would be credited every month and paid out if due, and if not due 
in a month then appropriated proportionately in such month and retained in the respective Sub Accounts 
and paid out therefrom on the Payment Date(s).  
 
1.2  Interpretation  
 
1.2.1 The words and expressions beginning with capital letters and defined in this Agreement shall have the 
meaning ascribed thereto herein, and the words and expressions used in this Agreement and not defined 
herein but defined in the Contract shall, unless repugnant to the context, have the meaning ascribed 
thereto in the Contract.  
 
1.2.2  References to Clauses are, unless stated otherwise, references to Clauses of this Agreement.  
 
1.2.3  The rules of interpretation stated in Clauses 1.2, 1.3 and 1.4 of the Contract shall apply, mutatis 
mutandis, to this Agreement.  
 
2 ESCROW ACCOUNT 
  
2.1 Escrow Bank to act as trustee  
 
2.1.1 The Authority hereby appoints the Escrow Bank to act as trustee for the Authority and the Operator in 
connection herewith and authorises the Escrow Bank to exercise such rights, powers, authorities and 
discretion as are specifically delegated to the Escrow Bank by the terms hereof together with all such 
rights, powers, authorities and discretion as are reasonably incidental hereto, and the Escrow Bank 
accepts such appointment pursuant to the terms hereof.  
2.1.2 The Authority hereby declares that all rights, title and interest in and to the Escrow Account shall be 
vested in the Escrow Bank and held in trust for the Authority and the Operator, and applied in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement. No person other than the Authority and the Operator shall 
have any rights hereunder as the beneficiaries of, or as third party beneficiaries under this Agreement.  

--- Page 343 ---
 
250 
2.1.3 View rights to the Escrow Bank account should be provided by the Escrow Bank to all the parties 
signing this agreement. 
 
2.2 Acceptance of Escrow Bank  
 
The Escrow Bank hereby agrees to act as such and to accept all payments and other amounts to be 
delivered to and held by the Escrow Bank pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement. The Escrow 
Bank shall hold and safeguard the Escrow Account during the term of this Agreement and shall treat 
the amount in the Escrow Account as monies deposited by the Operator or the Authority with the 
Escrow Bank. In performing its functions and duties under this Agreement, the Escrow Bank shall act 
in trust for the benefit of, and as agent for, the Authority and the Operator or their nominees, successors 
or assigns, in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.  
 
2.3 Establishment and operation of Escrow Account  
 
2.3.1 Within {insert number of days} days from the date of this Agreement, and in any case prior to the 
Appointed Date, the Authority shall open and establish the Escrow Account with 
the…………………….. (name of Branch) Branch of the Escrow Bank. The Escrow Account shall be 
denominated in Rupees.  
 
2.3.2 The Escrow Bank shall maintain the Escrow Account in accordance with the terms of this Agreement 
and its usual practices and applicable regulations and pay the maximum rate of interest payable to 
similar customers on the balance in the said account from time to time.  
 
2.3.3 The Escrow Bank and the Authority shall, after consultation with the Operator and the Authority agree 
on the detailed mandates, terms and conditions, and operating procedures for the Escrow Account, but 
in the event of any conflict or inconsistency between this Agreement and such mandates, terms and 
conditions, or procedures, this Agreement shall prevail.  
 
2.4 Escrow Bank’s fee  
 
The Escrow Bank shall be entitled to receive its fee and expenses in an amount, and at such times, as 
may be agreed between the Parties. Such fee and expenses shall be appropriated from the Escrow 
Account in accordance with Clause 4.1.  
 
2.5 Rights of the parties  
 
The rights of the Authority and the Operator in the monies held in the Escrow Account are set forth in 
their entirety in this Agreement and the Authority and the Operator shall have no other rights against 
or to the monies in the Escrow Account.  
 
2.6 Substitution of the Operator  
 
The Parties hereto acknowledge and agree that upon substitution of the Operator with the Nominated 
Company, pursuant to the Substitution Agreement, it shall be deemed for the purposes of this 
Agreement that the Nominated Company is a Party hereto and the Nominated Company shall 
accordingly be deemed to have succeeded to the rights and obligations of the Operator under this 
Agreement on and with effect from the date of substitution of the Operator with the Nominated 
Company.  
 

--- Page 344 ---
 
251 
3 DEPOSITS INTO ESCROW ACCOUNT  
 
3.1 Deposit by the Authority  
 
3.1.1 The Authority agrees and undertakes that it shall deposit or cause to be deposited into and/or credit the 
Escrow Account with;  
(a)  all Fees and taxes thereon due and payable to the Operator subject to and in accordance with 
Article 22;  
(b)  any deposits required to be made by the Authority to maintain the Minimum Escrow Balance;  
(c)  all grants, payments and financial support received by the Authority from the State Government 
and/or GoI in relation to the Project;  
(d)  amounts towards insurance claims, if any, received; 
(e)  all payments due to the Operator towards any Damages payable by the Authority under and in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement; 
(f)  any amounts towards Termination Payment due to the Operator;  
(g)  all revenues generated and all the income accruing from the Project including but not limited 
to the User Fare and advertising revenue, deposits, etc. ; and 
(h)  any other revenues or capital receipts from or in respect of the Project. 
  
 
3.2  Interest on deposits  
 
The Escrow Bank agrees and undertakes that all interest accruing on the balances of the Escrow 
Account shall be credited to the Escrow Account; provided that the Escrow Bank shall be entitled to 
appropriate therefrom the fee and expenses due to it from the Authority in relation to the Escrow 
Account and credit the balance remaining to the Escrow Account.  
 
4 WITHDRAWALS FROM ESCROW ACCOUNT  
 
4.1 Withdrawals during Contract Period  
 
4.1.1 At the beginning of every month, or at such intervals as the Authority may by written instructions 
determine, the Escrow Bank shall withdraw amounts from the Escrow Account and appropriate them 
in the following order by depositing such amounts in the relevant Sub Accounts for making due 
payments, and if such payments are not due in any month, then retain such monies in such Sub-
Accounts, if applicable,  and pay out therefrom on the Payment Date(s):  
 
(a) all taxes due and payable by the Operator for and in respect of the Project;  
 
(b) All Fees due and payable to the Operator subject to and in accordance with Article 22;  
 
(c) all staff expenses payable by the Authority pertaining to the manpower exclusively 
deployed under the SCOM Agreement;  
 

--- Page 345 ---
 
252 
(d) O&M Expenses and other costs and expenses incurred by the Authority in accordance 
with the provisions of this Agreement, and certified by the Authority as due and 
payable to it;  
 
(e) all payments and Damages certified by the Authority as due and payable to it by the 
Operator; and  
 
(f) balance, if any, in accordance with the instructions of the Authority. 
 
Furthermore, the Escrow Bank shall ensure that any funds received under the PM E-DRIVE-Payment 
Security Mechanism (PSM) scheme should be immediately released to the Operator without any 
requirement of written instructions from the Authority. 
 
Provided that any and all payments to the Operator from the Escrow Account under this Agreement 
shall be first made into the account designated by the lender(s) of the Operator. 
 
4.2 Withdrawals upon Termination  
 
Upon Termination of the Contract, all amounts standing to the credit of the Escrow Account shall, 
notwithstanding anything in this Agreement, shall be appropriated in the following order:  
 
(a) all taxes due and payable by the Operator for and in respect of the Project;  
(b) 90% (ninety per cent) of Debt Due;  
(c) all payments and Damages certified by the Authority as due and payable to it by the 
Operator;  
(d) retention and payments relating to the liability for defects and deficiencies set forth in 
Article 37; 
(e) outstanding Debt Service including the balance of Debt Due; 
(f) incurred or accrued Fees; 
(g) any payments due and payable to the Authority; 
(h) any other payments required to be made under this Agreement; and  
(i) balance, if any, in accordance with the instructions of the Authority. 
  
Provided that the disbursements specified in Sub-clause (i) of this Clause 4.2 shall be undertaken only 
after the Vesting Certificate has been issued by the Authority.  
 
Provided further that any and all payments to the Operator from the Escrow Account under this 
Agreement shall be first made into the account designated by the lender(s) of the Operator. 
 
4.3 Application of insufficient funds  
 
Funds in the Escrow Account shall be applied in the serial order of priority set forth in Clauses 4.1. If 
the funds available are not sufficient to meet all the requirements, the Escrow Bank shall apply such 
funds in the serial order of priority until exhaustion thereof.  
 

--- Page 346 ---
 
253 
 
4.4        Application of insurance proceeds  
 
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement, the proceeds from all insurance claims, except life and 
injury, shall be deposited into and/or credited to the Escrow Account and utilised for any necessary 
repair, reconstruction, reinstatement, replacement, improvement, delivery or installation of the Project, 
and the balance remaining, if any, shall remain deposited in the Escrow Account.  
5 OBLIGATIONS OF THE ESCROW BANK  
 
5.1 Segregation of funds  
 
Monies and other property received by the Escrow Bank under this Agreement shall, until used or 
applied in accordance with this Agreement, be held by the Escrow Bank in trust for the purposes for 
which they were received and shall be segregated from other funds and property of the Escrow Bank.  
 
5.2 Notification of balances  
 
15 (fifteen) business days prior to each Payment Date (and for this purpose the Escrow Bank shall be 
entitled to rely on an affirmation by the Authority as to the relevant Payment Dates), the Escrow Bank 
shall notify the Authority of the balances and any anticipated shortfall in the Escrow Account and Sub-
Accounts, if applicable, as at the close of business on the immediately preceding business day. In the 
event of any such shortfall, the Authority shall meet the same by crediting adequate sums to the Escrow 
Account from its own financial sources.  
 
5.3 Communications and notices  
 
In discharge of its duties and obligations hereunder, the Escrow Bank:  
(a) may, in the absence of bad faith or gross negligence on its part, rely as to any matters of fact 
which might reasonably be expected to be within the knowledge of the Authority upon a 
certificate signed by or on behalf of the Authority;  
(b) may, in the absence of bad faith or gross negligence on its part, rely upon the authenticity of 
any communication or document believed by it to be authentic;  
(c) shall, within 7 (seven) business days after receipt, deliver a copy to the Authority acting 
through…………………………………………………. (name to be specified by the 
Authority) of any notice or document received by the Escrow Bank (in its capacity as the 
Escrow Bank) from the Operator or any other person hereunder or in connection herewith; and  
(d) shall, within 7 (seven) business days after receipt, deliver a copy to the Operator of any notice 
or document received by the Escrow Bank (in its capacity as the Escrow Bank) from the 
Authority or any entity in connection herewith.  
 
5.4 No set off  
 
The Escrow Bank agrees not to claim or exercise any right of set off, banker’s lien or other right or 
remedy with respect to amounts standing to the credit of the Escrow Account. For the avoidance of 
doubt, it is hereby acknowledged and agreed by the Escrow Bank that the monies and properties held 
by the Escrow Bank in the Escrow Account shall not be considered as part of the assets of the Escrow 
Bank and being trust property, shall in the case of bankruptcy or liquidation of the Escrow Bank, be 
wholly excluded from the assets of the Escrow Bank in such bankruptcy or liquidation.  
 
5.5 Regulatory approvals  

--- Page 347 ---
 
254 
 
The Escrow Bank shall use its best efforts to procure, and thereafter maintain and comply with, all 
regulatory approvals required for it to establish and operate the Escrow Account. The Escrow Bank 
represents and warrants that it is not aware of any reason why such regulatory approvals will not 
ordinarily be granted to the Escrow Bank.  
 
6 ESCROW DEFAULT  
 
6.1 Escrow Default  
 
6.1.1 Authority Default  
 
Following events shall constitute an event of default by the Authority (an “Authority Escrow 
Default”) unless such event of default has occurred as a result of Force Majeure or any act or omission 
of the Operator:  
 
(a) the Authority commits breach of this Agreement by failing to deposit any monies into the 
Escrow Account as provided herein and fails to cure such breach by depositing the same into 
the Escrow Account within a Cure Period of 30 (thirty) business days;  
(b) the Authority causes the Escrow Bank to transfer funds to any account of the Authority in 
breach of the terms of this Agreement and fails to cure such breach by depositing the relevant 
funds into the Escrow Account or any Sub-Account (if applicable) in which such transfer 
should have been made, within a Cure Period of 30 (thirty) business days; or  
(c) the Authority commits or causes any other breach of the provisions of this Agreement and fails 
to cure the same within a Cure Period of 30 (thirty) business days.  
 
6.1.2 Operator Default  
 
Following events shall constitute an event of default by the Operator (an “Operator Escrow Default”) 
unless such event of default has occurred as a result of Force Majeure or any act or omission of the 
Authority:  
(a) the Operator causes the Escrow Bank to transfer funds to any account of the Operator in breach 
of the terms of this Agreement and fails to cure such breach by depositing the relevant funds 
into the Escrow Account or any Sub-Account (if applicable) in which such transfer should have 
been made, within a Cure Period of 30 (thirty) business days; or  
(b) the Operator commits or causes any other breach of the provisions of this Agreement and fails 
to cure the same within a Cure Period of 30 (thirty) business days.  
 
6.1.3 Upon occurrence of an Authority Escrow Default or Operator Escrow Default, as the case may be, the 
consequences thereof shall be dealt with under and in accordance with the provisions of the Contract. 
 
 
7 TERMINATION OF ESCROW AGREEMENT  
 
7.1 Duration of the Escrow Agreement  
 
This Agreement shall unless terminated earlier by the mutual consent of the Parties or otherwise in 
accordance with the provisions of this Clause by written notice from the Authority and the Operator to 
the Escrow Bank, remain in full force and effect for the duration of the Contract.  
 

--- Page 348 ---
 
255 
7.2 Substitution of Escrow Bank  
 
The Authority may after consultation with the Operator, by not less than 30 (thirty) days prior notice 
to the Escrow Bank, the Authority, terminate this Agreement and appoint a new Escrow Bank, provided 
that arrangements are made for transfer of amounts deposited in the Escrow Account to a new Escrow 
Account established with the successor Escrow Bank. The termination of this Agreement shall take 
effect only upon coming into force of an Escrow Agreement with the substitute Escrow Bank.  
 
7.3 Closure of Escrow Account  
 
The Escrow Bank shall, at the request of the Authority made on or after the payment by the Authority 
of all outstanding amounts under the Contract including the payments specified in Clause 4.2, and upon 
confirmation of receipt of such payments, close the Escrow Account and Sub-Accounts (if applicable) 
and pay any amount standing to the credit thereof to the Authority. Upon closure of the Escrow Account 
hereunder, the Escrow Agreement shall be deemed to be terminated.  
 
8 SUPPLEMENTARY ESCROW AGREEMENT  
 
8.1 Supplementary escrow agreement  
 
The Authority and the Operator shall be entitled to enter into a supplementary escrow agreement with 
the Escrow Bank providing, inter alia, for detailed procedures and documentation for withdrawals from 
Sub-Accounts, if applicable,  pursuant to Clause 4.1.1 and for matters not covered under this 
Agreement such as the restrictions on withdrawals by the Operator or the Authority in the event of 
breach of this Agreement or upon occurrence of an Escrow Default, procedures relating to operation 
of the Escrow Account and withdrawal therefrom, reporting requirements and any matters incidental 
thereto; provided that such supplementary escrow agreement shall not contain any provision which is 
inconsistent with this Agreement and in the event of any conflict or inconsistency between provisions 
of this Agreement and such supplementary escrow agreement, the provisions of this Agreement shall 
prevail.  
 
9 INDEMNITY  
 
9.1 General indemnity  
 
9.1.1 The Authority will indemnify, defend and hold the Operator and Escrow Bank, harmless against any 
and all proceedings, actions and third party claims for any loss, damage, cost and expense arising out 
of any breach by the Authority of any of its obligations under this Agreement or on account of failure 
of the Authority to comply with Applicable Laws and Applicable Permits.  
 
9.1.2 The Operator will indemnify, defend and hold the Authority harmless against any and all proceedings, 
actions and third party claims for any loss, damage, cost and expense arising out of failure of the 
Operator to fulfil any of its obligations under this Agreement materially and adversely affecting the 
performance of the Authority’s obligations under the Contract.  
 
9.1.3 The Escrow Bank will indemnify, defend and hold the Authority harmless against any and all 
proceedings, actions and third party claims for any loss, damage, cost and expense arising out of failure 
of the Escrow Bank to fulfil its obligations under this Agreement materially and adversely affecting the 
performance of the Authority’s obligations under the Contract other than any loss, damage, cost and 

--- Page 349 ---
 
256 
expense, arising out of acts done in discharge of their lawful functions by the Escrow Bank, its officers, 
servants and agents.  
 
9.2 Notice and contest of claims  
 
In the event that any Party hereto receives a claim from a third party in respect of which it is entitled 
to the benefit of an indemnity under Clause 9.1 or in respect of which it is entitled to reimbursement 
(the “Indemnified Party”), it shall notify the other Party responsible for indemnifying such claim 
hereunder (the “Indemnifying Party”) within 7 (seven) days of receipt of the claim and shall not settle 
or pay the claim without the prior approval of the Indemnifying Party, which approval shall not be 
unreasonably withheld or delayed. In the event that the Indemnifying Party wishes to contest or dispute 
the claim, it may conduct the proceedings in the name of the Indemnified Party and shall bear all costs 
involved in contesting the same. The Indemnified Party shall provide all cooperation and assistance in 
contesting any claim and shall sign all such writings and documents as the Indemnifying Party may 
reasonably require.  
 
10 DISPUTE RESOLUTION  
 
10.1 Dispute resolution  
 
10.1.1 Any dispute, difference or claim arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, which is not 
resolved amicably, shall be decided finally by reference to arbitration to a Board of Arbitrators 
comprising one nominee of each Party to the dispute, and where the number of such nominees is an 
even number, the nominees shall elect another person to such Board. Such arbitration shall be held in 
accordance with the Rules of Arbitration of the International Centre for Alternative Dispute Resolution, 
New Delhi (the “Rules”) or such other rules as may be mutually agreed by the Parties, and shall be 
subject to the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996.  
 
10.1.2 The Arbitrators shall issue a reasoned award and such award shall be final and binding on the Parties. 
The venue of arbitration shall be……………………… (name of the city) and the language of 
arbitration shall be English.  
 
11 MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS  
 
11.1 Governing law and jurisdiction  
 
This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with and governed by the laws of 
India, and the Courts at………………………………. shall have jurisdiction over all matters arising 
out of or relating to this Agreement.  
 
11.2 Waiver of sovereign immunity  
 
The Authority unconditionally and irrevocably:  
(a) agrees that the execution, delivery and performance by it of this Agreement constitute 
commercial acts done and performed for commercial purpose;  
(b) agrees that, should any proceedings be brought against it or its assets, property or revenues in 
any jurisdiction in relation to this Agreement or any transaction contemplated by this 
Agreement, no immunity (whether by reason of sovereignty or otherwise) from such 
proceedings shall be claimed by or on behalf of the Authority with respect to its assets;  

--- Page 350 ---
 
257 
(c) waives any right of immunity which it or its assets, property or revenues now has, may acquire 
in the future or which may be attributed to it in any jurisdiction; and  
(d) consents generally in respect of the enforcement of any judgement or award against it in any 
such proceedings to the giving of any relief or the issue of any process in any jurisdiction in 
connection with such proceedings (including the making, enforcement or execution against it 
or in respect of any assets, property or revenues whatsoever irrespective of their use or intended 
use of any order or judgement that may be made or given in connection therewith).  
 
11.3 Priority of agreements  
 
In the event of any conflict between the Contract and this Agreement, the provisions contained in the 
Contract shall prevail over this Agreement.  
 
11.4 Alteration of terms  
 
All additions, amendments, modifications and variations to this Agreement shall be effectual and 
binding only if in writing and signed by the duly authorised representatives of the Parties.  
 
11.5 Waiver  
 
11.5.1 Waiver by any Party of a default by another Party in the observance and performance of any provision 
of or obligations under this Agreement:  
(a) shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other or subsequent default hereof or of 
other provisions of or obligations under this Agreement;  
(b) shall not be effective unless it is in writing and executed by a duly authorised representative of 
the Party; and  
(c) shall not affect the validity or enforceability of this Agreement in any manner.  
 
11.5.2 Neither the failure by any Party to insist on any occasion upon the performance of the terms, conditions 
and provisions of this Agreement or any obligation thereunder nor time or other indulgence granted by 
any Party to another Party shall be treated or deemed as waiver of such breach or acceptance of any 
variation or the relinquishment of any such right hereunder.  
 
11.6 No third party beneficiaries  
 
This Agreement is solely for the benefit of the Parties and no other person or entity shall have any 
rights hereunder.  
 
11.7 Survival  
 
11.7.1 Termination of this Agreement:  
(a) shall not relieve the Parties of any obligations hereunder which expressly or by implication 
survive termination hereof; and  
(b) except as otherwise provided in any provision of this Agreement expressly limiting the liability 
of either Party, shall not relieve either Party of any obligations or liabilities for loss or damage 
to the other Party arising out of, or caused by, acts or omissions of such Party prior to the 
effectiveness of such termination or arising out of such termination.  
 

--- Page 351 ---
 
258 
11.7.2 All obligations surviving the cancellation, expiration or termination of this Agreement shall only 
survive for a period of 3 (three) years following the date of such termination or expiry of this 
Agreement.  
 
11.8 Severability  
 
If for any reason whatever any provision of this Agreement is or becomes invalid, illegal or 
unenforceable or is declared by any court of competent jurisdiction or any other instrumentality to be 
invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions 
shall not be affected in any manner, and the Parties will negotiate in good faith with a view to agreeing 
to one or more provisions which may be substituted for such invalid, unenforceable or illegal 
provisions, as nearly as is practicable to such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision. Failure to 
agree upon any such provisions shall not be subject to Dispute Resolution under Clause 10.1 of this 
Agreement or otherwise.  
 
11.9 Successors and assigns  
 
This Agreement shall be binding on and shall inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective 
successors and permitted assigns.  
 
11.10 Notices  
 
All notices or other communications to be given or made under this Agreement shall be in writing and 
shall either be delivered personally or sent by courier or registered post with an additional copy to be 
sent by facsimile or e-mail. The addresses for service of each Party, its facsimile number or e-mail, are 
set out under its name on the signing pages hereto. A notice shall be effective upon actual receipt 
thereof, save that where it is received after 5.30 (five thirty) p.m. on a business day, or on a day that is 
not a business day, the notice shall be deemed to be received on the first business day following the 
date of actual receipt. Without prejudice to the foregoing, a Party giving or making a notice or 
communication by facsimile or e-mail shall promptly deliver a copy thereof personally or send it by 
courier or registered post to the addressee of such notice or communication. It is hereby agreed and 
acknowledged that any Party may by notice change the address to which such notices and 
communications to it are to be delivered or mailed. Such change shall be effective when all the Parties 
have notice of it.  
 
11.11 Language  
 
All notices, certificates, correspondence and proceedings under or in connection with this Agreement 
shall be in English.  
 
11.12 Authorised representatives  
 
Each of the Parties shall, by notice in writing, designate their respective authorised representatives 
through whom only all communications shall be made. A Party hereto shall be entitled to remove and/or 
substitute or make fresh appointment of such authorised representative by similar notice.  
 
11.13 Original Document  
 
This Agreement may be executed in three counterparts, each of which when executed and delivered 
shall constitute an original of this Agreement  

--- Page 352 ---
 
259 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF THE PARTIES HAVE EXECUTED AND DELIVERED THIS 
AGREEMENT AS OF THE DATE FIRST ABOVE WRITTEN  
  
  
SIGNED, SEALED AND         SIGNED, SEALED AND   
DELIVERED           DELIVERED  
  
For and on behalf of AUTHORITY by:  For and on behalf of ESCROW BANK by:  
  
  
  
  
(Signature)            (Signature)  
(Name)             (Name)  
(Designation)            (Designation)  
(Address)            (Address)  
(Fax No.)            (Fax No.)    
 
 
 
SIGNED, SEALED AND         
DELIVERED            
For and on behalf of OPERATOR in the 
presence of:  
  
1.                 2. 
   

--- Page 353 ---
 
260 
SCHEDULE-N : STAFFING QUALIFICATIONS 
 
(See Clause 5.5) 
 
1.  Drivers:  
The Operator to ensure that the driver complies with the following conditions:  
(a) Must be a holder of a valid driving license in accordance with Applicable Laws for at least [•] 
years preceding the date of employment; (the Operator to submit copies of the licenses of all 
such drivers appointed by it to the Authority for its record);  
(b) Should possess minimum [eight standard qualifications] and any other educational/ other 
requirements such as Public Service Vehicle (PSV) badge as prescribed under Applicable Law;  
(c) Should possess minimum [•] years’ experience of driving heavy transport vehicles in India;  
(d) Should not have been blacklisted from operation of a heavy commercial vehicle and or a 
transport vehicle;  
(e) Should not have any pending cases related to fatal accidents or traffic fines due or have his 
license suspended at any time during the last [•] years preceding Effective Date; and  
(f) Should meet all requirements specified under Applicable Laws including without limitation, 
the Central Motor Vehicle Rules, 1989.  
  

--- Page 354 ---
 
261 
SCHEDULE-O : VESTING CERTIFICATE 
(See Clause 33.5) 
 
 
1. The  (the “Authority”) refers to the Contract dated*** (the “Contract”) entered into between the 
Authority and …………………………. (the “Operator”) for ……………………(hereinafter called 
the ‘Project’).  
 
2. The Authority hereby acknowledges compliance and fulfilment by the Operator of the handback 
requirements set forth in Article 33 of the Contract on the basis that upon issue of this Vesting 
Certificate, the Authority shall be deemed to have acquired, and all title and interest of the Operator in 
or about the Project shall be deemed to have vested unto the Authority, free from any encumbrances, 
charges and liens whatsoever.  
 
3. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained hereinabove, it shall be a condition of this Vesting 
Certificate that nothing contained herein shall be construed or interpreted as waiving the obligation of 
the Operator to rectify and remedy any defect or deficiency in any of the handback requirements and/or 
relieving the Operator in any manner of the same.  
 
 
 
Signed this *** day of ***, 20** at .......................   
AGREED, ACCEPTED AND SIGNED     SIGNED, SEALED AND DELIVERED  
 For and on behalf of OPERATOR by:     For and on behalf of Authority by:  
(Signature)            (Signature)  
(Name)             (Name)  
(Designation)           (Designation)  
(Address)            (Address)  
  
In the presence of:  
  
1.              2.  
   

--- Page 355 ---
 
262 
SCHEDULE-P : INTELLIGENT TRANSPORT SYSTEM 
 
(See Clause 19.7) 
  
 
1. On Board Devices  
  
In compliance with the obligations set forth in Clause 19.7 of this Agreement, the Operator shall install 
the on-board devices on each bus in accordance with the specifications listed in Annex 1 of this 
Schedule–P.  
 
2. ITS- Requirements for Public Transport Vehicle Operations  
  
In compliance with the obligations set forth in Clause 19.7 of this Agreement, the Operator shall install 
the data monitoring system comprising of all equipment and services listed in Annex 2 of this Schedule–
P.  
 
3. Parameters and Data standards  
 
In compliance with the obligations set forth in Clause 19.7 of this Agreement, the Operator shall 
adhere to the list of standards in Annex 3 of this Schedule-P. 
 
4. Communication between ITS Equipment and ITMS Cloud 
 
In compliance with the obligations set forth in Clause 19.7 of this Agreement, the Operator shall adhere 
to the communication guidelines specified in Annexure 3 of Volume 3 (Technical specifications).  
 
 
 
   

--- Page 356 ---
 
263 
Annex – 1 
On Board Devices 
 
i. The Bidder shall procure buses as defined by the Authority which shall also include various but not limited 
to ITS System as defined by UBS II, AIS 140 Specifications and any amendments issued thereof. Some 
of the equipment’s and their quantities are listed below: 
Sr. 
No Type of Equipment 12m/9m (Qty) Remarks 
1 Passenger Display Boards [4/4]  
2 Speaker 4  
3 Amplifier 1  
4 Single Control Unit (SCU) / On Board Unit 
(OBU) 1  
5 Driver Display Unit (DDU) 1  
6 CCTV with MDVR [4/4] 
Internal and External 
with minimum 15 
days backup storage 
7 Panic Button  Each row of 
the seat 
As per AIS 140 
Specifications 
8 Camera based Automatic Passenger Counters 
(APC) [2/2] At each door 
 
ii. The ITS equipment installed in the buses should provide location accuracy up to 5 meters.  
iii. The equipment of the ITS shall be integrated to each other and the CAN Bus for transmitting all the bus 
data, vehicle tracking data and any other data as required by the Authority. The Cost of such integration 
including any statutory charges to government should be the responsibility of the Operator throughout the 
contract period.  
iv. The Authority shall provide all the information related to route and Passenger Information System (PIS) 
to the Operator.   
v. The camera-based passenger counter shall be integrated to the ITS at the time of prototype approval, or 
delivery of the bus or as a date mutually agreed with the Authority.  
vi. Security Camera Network (CCTVs) and display screen should meet the specification for IP based cameras 
and mNVR as per Detailed specification document for CCTV devices as per UBS II and AIS 153, 
16833:2018 CCTV system with integrated emergency System (with minimum 2-megapixel camera, SSD 
hard disc, 4G/5G, Wifi for data transfer).  
vii. Rear View Camera System to display the zone behind the vehicle shall be provided along with display on 
or near dash board. The Reverse Parking Alert System (RPAS) shall comply with provisions of AIS 145. 
The indirect vision system shall get activated upon engagement of reverse gear. RPAS should give audio 
warning on reaching the critical distance available for reverse parking. 
viii. ITS shall send data directly to Centralized ITMS server as per the communication protocol, data standard 
and message Architecture provided in Clause 3 of Schedule P. 
ix. Data from OEM server can also be accessed by Centralized ITMS server through API Integration as and 
when needed. 
x. The Operator shall provide necessary support during testing and integrating with the Centralized ITMS 

--- Page 357 ---
 
264 
system. 
 
  

--- Page 358 ---
 
265 
Annex – 2  
ITS- Requirements for Public Transport Vehicle Operations 
 
i. The bidder shall procure buses in compliance with AIS-140: Intelligent Transportation Systems (ITS) 
– Requirements for Public Transport vehicle operation and set up data monitoring systems for on board 
ITS: Vehicle Location Tracking, Camera Surveillance System and Emergency Request Button. The 
bidder shall set up systems for monitoring operations and managing incidents. 
ii. The bidder shall share real time data from on-board devices using standard communications protocols 
defined by AIS 140 with the Central ITMS. The bidder shall give the Authority access to real time raw 
data feed from buses and support the Authority in integrating feed from the buses procured under the 
concession to centralized Intelligent Transit Management Systems (ITMS) to ensure monitoring of 
services and KPIs set out under Article 20 of the agreement. 

--- Page 359 ---
 
266 
Annex - 3  
List of parameters and data standard 
 
The bidder shall share vehicle health monitoring and diagnostics (VHMD) parameters through the bus CAN 
data on a real time basis with the Central ITMS. The list of CAN data parameters shall be shared over and above 
the vehicle location data through the on-board telematics system.  
Electric bus (eBus) performance and safety are directly linked with the battery performance. The usage of eBus 
battery under sub-optimal conditions can directly influence the performance as well as life of the battery. 
Analysis of the impact of different stress factors (Battery temperature, C-rate, DOD, and SOC) on the battery 
can help in getting more insights into the degradation mechanism and battery aging (i.e. Calendar and Cyclic 
aging). Monitoring and analysis of some of the battery parameters during eBus operation is important to ensure 
optimal battery life and eBus performance along with a high level of safety. As the Battery Management System 
(BMS) of the eBus battery monitors all the critical parameters of the battery during eBus operation, the 
availability of these data with the Authority will help in better planning of eBus operation and charging 
strategies and ensure safety of operations. 
 
The following CAN parameters should be integrated to the on board IoT device/ITS and capable of transmitting 
data at a frequency of 30 sec (which may be changed based on requirement of the Centralized ITMS platform) 
to the centralized ITMS server. 
1. Timestamp 
2. Odometer reading 
3. Vehicle Status 
4. SoC (State of Charge) 
5. SoH (State of Health) 
6. Speed 
7. Acceleration 
8. Voltage (pack and cell level) 
9. Current (pack and cell level) 
10. Power 
11. Charger Current 
12. Charger Voltage 
13. Ambient temperature 
14. Battery Cell temperature 
15. Motor temperature 
16. BMS error 
17. Coolant Temperature 
 
The Operator shall provide for communication of additional parameters (if any) as per the requirement of the 
Centralized ITMS platform.  

--- Page 360 ---
 
267 
SCHEDULE-Q : SUBSTITUTION AGREEMENT 
 
 (See Clause 35.4)  
  
 
THIS SUBSTITUTION AGREEMENT is entered into on this the …………….  day of ………… 20….  
 
AMONGST  
 
1 The Governor of *****, represented by [• and having its principal offices at *****] (hereinafter 
referred to as the “Authority” which expression shall unless repugnant to the context or meaning 
thereof include its administrators, successors and assigns);  
 
2 [……………….  Limited], a company incorporated under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 
and having its registered office at ………………, (hereinafter referred to as the “Operator” which 
expression shall unless repugnant to the context or meaning thereof include its successors and permitted 
assigns and substitutes); AND 
 
3 (name and particulars of Lenders’ Representative) and having its registered office at …………………., 
acting for and on behalf of the Senior Lenders as their duly authorised agent with regard to matters 
arising out of or in relation to this Agreement (hereinafter referred to as the “Lenders’ 
Representative”, which expression shall unless repugnant to the context or meaning thereof include 
its successors and substitutes).  
 
WHEREAS:  
 
(A) The Authority has entered into a Supply cum Operation and Maintenance Agreement dated 
……………. with the Operator (the “SCOM Agreement”) for eBuses in the State on build, own and 
operate basis (“BOO”), and a copy of which is annexed hereto and marked as Annex-A to form part of 
this Agreement.  
 
(B) Senior Lenders have agreed to finance the Project in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth 
in the Financing Agreements.  
 
(C) Senior Lenders have requested the Authority to enter into this Substitution Agreement for securing 
their interests through assignment, transfer and substitution of the Contract to a Nominated Company 
in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and the SCOM Agreement.  
 
(D) In order to enable implementation of the Project including its financing, construction, operation and 
maintenance, the Authority has agreed and undertaken to transfer and assign the Contract to a 
Nominated Company in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and the 
SCOM Agreement.  
 
  

--- Page 361 ---
 
268 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the respective covenants and agreements set forth 
in this Agreement, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally 
bound hereby, the Parties agree as follows:  
 
1 DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION  
 
1.1       Definitions  
In this Substitution Agreement, the following words and expressions shall, unless repugnant to the 
context or meaning thereof, have the meaning hereinafter respectively assigned to them:  
 
“Agreement” means this Substitution Agreement and any amendment thereto made in accordance with 
the provisions contained in this Agreement;  
 
“Financial Default” means occurrence of a material breach of the terms and conditions of the 
Financing Agreements or a continuous default in Debt Service by the Operator for a minimum period 
of 3 (three) months;  
 
“Lenders’ Representative” means the person referred to as the Lenders’ Representative in the 
foregoing Recitals;  
 
“Nominated Company” means a company, incorporated under the provisions of the Companies Act, 
1956, or the Companies Act, 2013, as the case may be, selected by the  
Lenders’ Representative, on behalf of Senior Lenders, and proposed to the Authority for 
assignment/transfer of the Contract as provided in this Agreement;  
 
“Notice of Financial Default” shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Clause 3.2.1; and  
 
“Parties” means the parties to this Agreement collectively and “Party” shall mean any of the Parties 
to this Agreement individually.  
 
1.2       Interpretation  
 
1.2.1  References to Lenders’ Representative shall, unless repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, mean 
references to the Lenders’ Representative, acting for and on behalf of Senior Lenders.  
 
1.2.2  References to Clauses are, unless stated otherwise, references to Clauses of this Agreement.  
 
1.2.3  The words and expressions beginning with capital letters and defined in this Agreement shall have the 
meaning ascribed thereto herein, and the words and expressions used in this Agreement and not defined 
herein but defined in the SCOM Agreement shall, unless repugnant to the context, have the meaning 
ascribed thereto in the SCOM Agreement.  
 
1.2.4  The rules of interpretation stated in Clauses 1.2, 1.3 and 1.4 of the SCOM Agreement shall apply, 
mutatis mutandis, to this Agreement.  
 
2 ASSIGNMENT  
 
2.1 Assignment of rights and title  
 
The Operator hereby agrees to assign the rights, title and interest in the Contract to, and in favour of, 

--- Page 362 ---
 
269 
the Lenders’ Representative pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and 
the SCOM Agreement by way of security in respect of financing by the Senior Lenders under the 
Financing Agreements.  
 
3 SUBSTITUTION OF THE OPERATOR  
 
3.1 Rights of substitution  
3.1.1 Pursuant to the rights, title and interest assigned under Clause 2.1, the Lenders’ Representative shall be 
entitled to substitute the Operator by a Nominated Company under and in accordance with the 
provisions of this Agreement and the SCOM Agreement.  
 
3.1.2 The Authority hereby agrees to substitute the Operator by endorsement on the SCOM  
Agreement in favour of the Nominated Company selected by the Lenders’ Representative in 
accordance with this Agreement. (For the avoidance of doubt, the Senior Lenders or the  
Lenders’ Representative shall not be entitled to operate and maintain the Project as Operator either 
individually or collectively).  
 
3.2 Substitution upon occurrence of Financial Default  
 
3.2.1 Upon occurrence of a Financial Default, the Lenders’ Representative may issue a notice to the Operator 
(the “Notice of Financial Default”) along with particulars thereof and send a copy to the Authority for 
its information and record. A Notice of Financial Default under this Clause 3 shall be conclusive 
evidence of such Financial Default and it shall be final and binding upon the Operator for the purposes 
of this Agreement.  
 
3.2.2 Upon issue of a Notice of Financial Default hereunder, the Lenders’ Representative may, without 
prejudice to any of its rights or remedies under this Agreement or the Financing Agreements, substitute 
the Operator by a Nominated Company in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.  
 
3.2.3 At any time after the Lenders’ Representative has issued a Notice of Financial Default, it may by notice 
require the Authority to suspend all the rights of the Operator and undertake the operation and 
maintenance of the Project in accordance with the provisions of Article 16 and 17 of the SCOM 
Agreement, and upon receipt of such notice, the Authority shall undertake Suspension under and in 
accordance with the provisions of the SCOM Agreement. The aforesaid Suspension shall be revoked 
upon substitution of the Operator by a Nominated Company, and in the event such substitution is not 
completed within 180 (one hundred and eighty) days from the date of such Suspension, the Authority 
may terminate the SCOM Agreement forthwith by issuing a Termination Notice in accordance with 
the provisions of the SCOM Agreement; provided that upon written request from the Lenders’ 
Representative and the Operator, the Authority may extend the aforesaid period of 180 (one hundred 
and eighty) days by a period not exceeding 90 (ninety) days. For the avoidance of doubt, the Authority 
expressly agrees and undertakes to terminate the SCOM Agreement forthwith, upon receipt of a written 
request from the Lenders’ Representative at any time after 240 (two hundred and forty) days from the 
date of Suspension hereunder.  
 
3.3 Substitution upon occurrence of Operator Default  
 
3.3.1 Upon occurrence of an Operator Default, the Authority shall by a notice inform the Lenders’ 
Representative of its intention to issue a Termination Notice and grant 15 (fifteen) days time to the 
Lenders’ Representative to make a representation, stating the intention to substitute the Operator by a 
Nominated Company.  

--- Page 363 ---
 
270 
 
3.3.2 In the event that the Lenders’ Representative makes a representation to the Authority within the period 
of 15 (fifteen) days specified in Clause 3.3.1, stating that it intends to substitute the Operator by a 
Nominated Company, the Lenders’ Representative shall be entitled to undertake and complete the 
substitution of the Operator by a Nominated Company in accordance with the provisions of this 
Agreement within a period of 180 (one hundred and eighty) days from the date of such representation, 
and the Authority shall either withhold Termination or undertake Suspension for the aforesaid period 
of 180 (one hundred and eighty) days; provided that upon written request from the Lenders’ 
Representative and the Operator, the Authority shall extend the aforesaid period of 180 (one hundred 
and eighty) days by a period not exceeding 90 (ninety) days.  
 
3.4 Procedure for substitution  
 
3.4.1 The Authority and the Operator hereby agree that on or after the date of Notice of Financial Default or 
the date of representation to the Authority under Clause 3.3.2, as the case may be, the Lenders’ 
Representative may, without prejudice to any of the other rights or remedies of the Senior Lenders, 
invite, negotiate and procure offers, either by private negotiations or public auction or tenders for the 
take over and transfer of the Project including the Contract to the Nominated Company upon such 
Nominated Company’s assumption of the liabilities and obligations of the Operator towards the 
Authority under the SCOM Agreement and towards the Senior Lenders under the Financing 
Agreements.  
 
3.4.2 To be eligible for substitution in place of the Operator, the Nominated Company shall be required to 
fulfil the eligibility criteria that were laid down by the Authority for shortlisting the bidders for award 
of the Contract; provided that the Lenders’ Representative may represent to the Authority that all or 
any of such criteria may be waived in the interest of the Project, and if the Authority determines that 
such waiver shall not have any material adverse effect on the Project, it may waive all or any of such 
eligibility criteria.  
 
3.4.3 Upon selection of a Nominated Company, the Lenders’ Representative shall request the Authority to:  
(a) accede to transfer to the Nominated Company the right to construct, operate and maintain the 
Project in accordance with the provisions of the SCOM Agreement;  
(b) endorse and transfer the Contract to the Nominated Company, on the same terms and 
conditions, for the residual Contract Period; and  
(c) enter into a Substitution Agreement with the Lenders’ Representative and the Nominated 
Company on the same terms as are contained in this Agreement.  
 
3.4.4 If the Authority has any objection to the transfer of Contract in favour of the Nominated Company in 
accordance with this Agreement, it shall within 15 (fifteen) days from the date of proposal made by the 
Lenders’ Representative, give a reasoned order after hearing the Lenders’ Representative. If no such 
objection is raised by the Authority, the Nominated Company shall be deemed to have been accepted. 
The Authority thereupon shall transfer and endorse the Contract within 15 (fifteen) days of its 
acceptance/deemed acceptance of the Nominated Company; provided that in the event of such 
objection by the Authority, the Lenders’ Representative may propose another Nominated Company 
whereupon the procedure set forth in this Clause 3.4 shall be followed for substitution of such 
Nominated Company in place of the Operator.  
 
3.5 Selection to be binding  
 
The decision of the Lenders’ Representative and the Authority in selection of the Nominated 

--- Page 364 ---
 
271 
Company shall be final and binding on the Operator. The Operator irrevocably agrees and waives any 
right to challenge the actions of the Lenders’ Representative or the Senior Lenders or the Authority 
taken pursuant to this Agreement including the transfer/assignment of the Contract in favour of the 
Nominated Company. The Operator agrees and confirms that it shall not have any right to seek 
revaluation of assets of the Project or the Operator’s shares. It is hereby acknowledged by the Parties 
that the rights of the Lenders’ Representative are irrevocable and shall not be contested in any 
proceedings before any court or Authority and the Operator shall have no right or remedy to prevent, 
obstruct or restrain the Authority or the  
Lenders’ Representative from effecting or causing the transfer by substitution and endorsement of the 
Contract as requested by the Lenders’ Representative.  
 
4 PROJECT AGREEMENTS  
 
4.1 Substitution of Nominated Company in Project Agreements  
 
The Operator shall ensure and procure that each Project Agreement contains provisions that entitle the 
Nominated Company to step into such Project Agreement, in its discretion, in place and substitution of 
the Operator in the event of such Nominated Company’s assumption of the liabilities and obligations 
of the Operator under the SCOM Agreement.  
 
5 TERMINATION OF SCOM AGREEMENT  
 
5.1 Termination upon occurrence of Financial Default  
 
At any time after issue of a Notice of Financial Default, the Lenders’ Representative may by a notice 
in writing require the Authority to terminate the SCOM Agreement forthwith, and upon receipt of such 
notice, the Authority shall undertake Termination under and in accordance with the provisions of 
Article 32 of the SCOM Agreement.  
 
5.2 Termination when no Nominated Company is selected  
 
In the event that no Nominated Company acceptable to the Authority is selected and recommended by 
the Lenders’ Representative within the period of 180 (one hundred and eighty) days or any extension 
thereof as set forth in Clause 3.3.2, the Authority may terminate the SCOM Agreement forthwith in 
accordance with the provisions thereof.  
 
5.3 Realisation of Debt Due  
 
The Authority and the Operator hereby acknowledge and agree that, without prejudice to their any 
other right or remedy, the Lenders’ Representative is entitled to receive from the Operator, without any 
further reference to or consent of the Operator, the Debt Due upon Termination of the SCOM 
Agreement. For realisation of the Debt Due, the Lenders’ Representative shall be entitled to make its 
claim from the Escrow Account in accordance with the provisions of the SCOM Agreement and the 
Escrow Agreement.  
 
6 DURATION OF THE AGREEMENT  
 
6.1 Duration of the Agreement  
 
This Agreement shall come into force from the date hereof and shall expire at the earliest to occur of 

--- Page 365 ---
 
272 
the following events:  
(a) Termination of the Agreement; or  
(b) no sum remains to be advanced and no sum is outstanding to the Senior Lenders, under the 
Financing Agreements.  
 
7 INDEMNITY  
 
7.1 General indemnity  
7.1.1 The Operator will indemnify, defend and hold the Authority and the Lenders’ Representative harmless 
against any and all proceedings, actions and third party claims for any loss, damage, cost and expense 
of whatever kind and nature arising out of any breach by the Operator of any of its obligations under 
this Agreement or on account of failure of the Operator to comply with Applicable Laws and Applicable 
Permits.  
 
7.1.2 The Authority will indemnify, defend and hold the Operator harmless against any and all proceedings, 
actions and third party claims for any loss, damage, cost and expense arising out of failure of the 
Authority to fulfil any of its obligations under this Agreement, materially and adversely affecting the 
performance of the Operator’s obligations under the SCOM Agreement or this Agreement, other than 
any loss, damage, cost and expense, arising out of acts done in discharge of their lawful functions by 
the Authority, its officers, servants and agents.  
 
7.1.3 The Lenders’ Representative will indemnify, defend and hold the Operator harmless against any and 
all proceedings, actions and third party claims for any loss, damage, cost and expense arising out of 
failure of the Lenders’ Representative to fulfil its obligations under this Agreement, materially and 
adversely affecting the performance of the Operator’s obligations under the SCOM Agreement, other 
than any loss, damage, cost and expense, arising out of acts done in discharge of their lawful functions 
by the Lenders’ Representative, its officers, servants and agents.  
  
7.2 Notice and contest of claims  
 
In the event that any Party hereto receives a claim from a third party in respect of which it is entitled 
to the benefit of an indemnity under Clause 7.1 or in respect of which it is entitled to reimbursement 
(the “Indemnified Party”), it shall notify the other Party responsible for indemnifying such claim 
hereunder (the “Indemnifying Party”) within 15 (fifteen) days of receipt of the claim and shall not 
settle or pay the claim without the prior approval of the Indemnifying Party, such approval not to be 
unreasonably withheld or delayed. In the event that the Indemnifying Party wishes to contest or dispute 
the claim, it may conduct the proceedings in the name of the Indemnified Party and shall bear all costs 
involved in contesting the same. The Indemnified Party shall provide all cooperation and assistance in 
contesting any claim and shall sign all such writings and documents as the Indemnifying Party may 
reasonably require.  
 
8 DISPUTE RESOLUTION  
 
8.1 Dispute resolution  
 
8.1.1 Any dispute, difference or claim arising out of or in connection with this Agreement which is not 
resolved amicably shall be decided by reference to arbitration to a Board of Arbitrators comprising one 
nominee each of the Authority, Operator and the Lenders’ Representative. Such arbitration shall be 
held in accordance with the Rules of Arbitration of the International  
Centre for Alternative Dispute Resolution, New Delhi (the “Rules”) or such other rules as may be 

--- Page 366 ---
 
273 
mutually agreed by the Parties, and shall be subject to provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation 
Act, 1996.  
 
8.1.2 The Arbitrators shall issue a reasoned award and such award shall be final and binding on the Parties. 
The venue of arbitration shall be *** and the language of arbitration shall be English.  
 
9 MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS  
 
9.1 Governing law and jurisdiction  
This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with and governed by the laws of 
India, and the Courts at *** shall have jurisdiction over all matters arising out of or relating to this 
Agreement.  
 
9.2 Waiver of sovereign immunity  
 
The Authority unconditionally and irrevocably:  
(a) agrees that the execution, delivery and performance by it of this Agreement constitute 
commercial acts done and performed for commercial purpose;  
(b) agrees that, should any proceedings be brought against it or its assets, property or revenues in 
any jurisdiction in relation to this Agreement or any transaction contemplated by this 
Agreement, no immunity (whether by reason of sovereignty or otherwise) from such 
proceedings shall be claimed by or on behalf of the Authority with respect to its assets;  
(c) waives any right of immunity which it or its assets, property or revenues now has, may acquire 
in the future or which may be attributed to it in any jurisdiction; and  
(d) consents generally in respect of the enforcement of any judgement or award against it in any 
such proceedings to the giving of any relief or the issue of any process in any jurisdiction in 
connection with such proceedings (including the making, enforcement or execution against it 
or in respect of any assets, property or revenues whatsoever irrespective of their use or intended 
use of any order or judgement that may be made or given in connection therewith).  
 
9.3 Priority of agreements  
 
In the event of any conflict between the SCOM Agreement and this Agreement, the provisions 
contained in the SCOM Agreement shall prevail over this Agreement.  
 
9.4 Alteration of terms  
 
All additions, amendments, modifications and variations to this Agreement shall be effectual and 
binding only if in writing and signed by the duly authorised representatives of the Parties.  
 
9.5 Waiver  
 
9.5.1 Waiver by any Party of a default by another Party in the observance and performance of any provision 
of or obligations under this Agreement:  
(a) shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other or subsequent default hereof or of 
other provisions of or obligations under this Agreement;  
(b) shall not be effective unless it is in writing and executed by a duly authorised representative of 
the Party; and  
(c) shall not affect the validity or enforceability of this Agreement in any manner.  
 

--- Page 367 ---
 
274 
9.5.2 Neither the failure by either Party to insist on any occasion upon the performance of the terms, 
conditions and provisions of this Agreement or any obligation thereunder nor time or other indulgence 
granted by a Party to another Party shall be treated or deemed as waiver of such breach or acceptance 
of any variation or the relinquishment of any such right hereunder.  
 
9.6 No third party beneficiaries  
 
This Agreement is solely for the benefit of the Parties and no other person or entity shall have any 
rights hereunder.  
 
9.7 Survival  
 
9.7.1 Termination of this Agreement:  
(a) shall not relieve the Parties of any obligations hereunder which expressly or by implication 
survive termination hereof; and  
(b) except as otherwise provided in any provision of this Agreement expressly limiting the liability 
of either Party, shall not relieve either Party of any obligations or liabilities for loss or damage 
to the other Party arising out of or caused by acts or omissions of such Party prior to the 
effectiveness of such termination or arising out of such termination.  
 
9.7.2 All obligations surviving the cancellation, expiration or termination of this Agreement shall only 
survive for a period of 3 (three) years following the date of such termination or expiry of this 
Agreement.  
 
9.8 Severability  
 
If for any reason whatever any provision of this Agreement is or becomes invalid, illegal or 
unenforceable or is declared by any court of competent jurisdiction or any other instrumentality to be 
invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions 
shall not be affected in any manner, and the Parties will negotiate in good faith with a view to agreeing 
to one or more provisions which may be substituted for such invalid, unenforceable or illegal 
provisions, as nearly as is practicable to such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision. Failure to 
agree upon any such provisions shall not be subject to Dispute Resolution under Clause 8 of this 
Agreement or otherwise.  
 
9.9 Successors and assigns  
 
This Agreement shall be binding on and shall inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective 
successors and permitted assigns.  
 
9.10 Notices  
 
All notices or other communications to be given or made under this Agreement shall be in writing, 
shall either be delivered personally or sent by courier or registered post with an additional copy to be 
sent by facsimile or e-mail. The address for service of each Party, its facsimile number and e-mail 
address are set out under its name on the signing pages hereto. A notice shall be effective upon actual 
receipt thereof, save that where it is received after 5.30 (five thirty) p.m. on any day, or on a day that 
is a public holiday, the notice shall be deemed to be received on the first working day following the 
date of actual receipt. Without prejudice to the foregoing, a Party giving or making a notice or 
communication by facsimile or e-mail shall promptly deliver a copy thereof personally or send it by 

--- Page 368 ---
 
275 
courier or registered post to the addressee of such notice or communication. It is hereby agreed and 
acknowledged that any Party may by notice change the address to which such notices and 
communications to it are to be delivered or mailed. Such change shall be effective when all the Parties  
have notice of it.  
 
9.11 Language  
 
All notices, certificates, correspondence and proceedings under or in connection with this Agreement 
shall be in English.  
 
9.12 Authorised representatives  
Each of the Parties shall by notice in writing designate their respective authorised representatives 
through whom only all communications shall be made. A Party hereto shall be entitled to remove 
and/or substitute or make fresh appointment of such authorised representative by similar notice.  
 
9.13 Original Document  
 
This Agreement may be executed in three counterparts, each of which when executed and delivered 
shall constitute an original of this Agreement.  
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF THE PARTIES HAVE EXECUTED AND DELIVERED THIS 
AGREEMENT AS OF THE DATE FIRST ABOVE WRITTEN.  
 
THE COMMON SEAL  OF OPERATOR has 
been affixed pursuant to the resolution passed 
by the Board of Directors of the Operator at its 
meeting held on the ……… day of 20…… 
hereunto affixed in the presence of ………, 
Director, who has signed these presents in 
token thereof and ………, Company Secretary 
/ Authorised Officer who has countersigned 
the same in token thereof $:  
  
  
SIGNED, SEALED AND DELIVERED   
For and on behalf of   
AUTHORITY by:  
  
(Signature)  
(Name)  
(Designation)  
(Address)  
(Fax No.)  
(e-mail address)  
 
 
  
SIGNED, SEALED AND DELIVERED       
For and on behalf of         
SENIOR LENDERS by the Lenders’ Representative:  
  (Signature)      
  (Name)      
  (Designation)      
  (Address)      
  (Fax)      

--- Page 369 ---
 
276 
  (e-mail address)      
        
In the presence of:        
1.    2.    
  
  
  
$ To be affixed in accordance with the articles of association of the Operator.  

--- Page 370 ---
 
277 
SCHEDULE-R :  STATEMENT OF VARIATION IN ELECTRICITY COST (ANNUAL) 
(See Clause 22.5)  
 
 
  
Period    
A Total Bus Kilometers operated during the period (kms)   
B Electricity Units consumed for Buses Charging Infrastructure under 
the Project (kWh)   
C Allowed Energy Consumption for Bus Charging =  
[A x Specific Energy consumption] (kWh)  
D Minimum of the B and C (kWh)  
E Current Tariff approved by State Electricity Regulatory Commission 
for the period (including charges, taxes, cess, duties etc.) (Rs./kWh)  
G Tariff included in the PK Fee (Rs./kWh)  
H Electricity input cost reimbursable by Authority [D x (E – G)] (INR)  
 In case Opportunity Charging takes place outside the Maintenance Depot, then include the units consumed 
and amount paid for the same at respective places above. 
  
Name & Designation of the Authorised Signatory:   
  
Date of Submission: _________________  
  
Note: Authority may modify the statement depending on specific requirement. 
 
  

--- Page 371 ---
 
278 
SCHEDULE-S  : OPERATIONAL INFRACTIONS 
 
(See Clause 20.7) 
 A. Lost Kilometers 
For any missed Trip or Trip not completed, deductions shall be made in the following manner: 
 
Sr. 
No. Extent to which a Trip 
is missed 
Deductions 
1 A Trip, which either does not 
commence or does not complete 
even 25% of the kilometers for the 
Trip. 
100% of the payment payable for the trip will be applied as 
performance deductions for the round trip. 
In addition, payment for the lost kilometers of the round trip, 
shall not be payable. 
2 A Trip, which has completed 
more than 25% but less than 60% 
of the kilometers for the Trip. 
75% of the payment payable for the kilometres for the trip 
will be applied as performance deductions for the round trip. 
In addition, payment for the lost kilometers of the round trip, 
shall not be payable. 
3 A Trip, which has completed more 
than 60% but has not completed 
100% kilometers for the Trip. 
50% of the payment payable for the kilometres of the trip 
will be applied as performance deductions for the round trip. 
In addition, payment for the lost kilometers of the round trip, 
shall not be payable. 
“LOST KILOMETERAGE CLASSIFICATION & CAUSES - DEDUCTIBLE AND NON-DEDUCTIBLE 
1. Staff (Deductible) 
In service kilometres not operated due to Operator staff causes may include (but is not limited to): 
a) Insufficient staff to cover the service including shortage, sickness or 
absence,industrial action etc. 
b) Sickness on duty (part loss). 
c) Suspension of driver (with-out replacement).  
 
 
2. Mechanical (Deductible) 
In service kilometers not operated due to mechanical causes may include 

--- Page 372 ---
 
279 
(but is not limited to): 
a) Insufficient buses to cover the service. 
b) Non-serviceable bus. 
c) Breakdowns en-route. 
3. Data Unavailability (Deductible) 
In case desired operational data and vehicle health monitoring data is not shared as per the requirement 
specified in the table below:  
Table: Parameters for Vehicle Health Monitoring:  
Sr No Parameter Data Type Units Frequency 
1 Odometer reading (instrument 
cluster/CAN) 
Numeric Km 
  
2 Vehicle Status text     
3 Traction Battery Data (As per AIS 
038, revision 2, amendment 3) 
    
  
a Battery SoC (State of Charge) 
(& Method used for SoC Estimation 
to be shared at time of delivery of 
lot) 
Numeric Percent 
  
b Battery Voltage Numeric Volts   
c Battery Current Numeric Amperes   
d Battery Temperature Numeric degree 
Celsius   
e Depth of discharge (DoD) Numeric Percent   
f SoH (State of Health) Estimate 
(Algorithm Used to estimate SoH to 
be shared at time of delivery of lot) 
Numeric Percent 
  
 g Energy generated via Regenerative 
Braking 
    
  
4 Ambient temperature Numeric degree 
Celsius   
5 Vehicle Speed Numeric Kmph   
6 Acceleration Data  Numeric m/s2   
7 Braking Data Numeric m/s2   
8 Charging Status (it can be pushed via 
BMS) 
text   
  
a Charging Start Time       
b Charging End Time       
c Charging Power Numeric KW   
d Charging Current Numeric Amperes   
e Charging Voltage Numeric Volts   
9 Cell/Pack temperature Numeric degree celcius   
10 Motor Current and Voltage Numeric degree 
Celsius   
 a Motor Current and Voltage while       

--- Page 373 ---
 
280 
Sr No Parameter Data Type Units Frequency 
motoring 
 b Motor Current and Voltage while 
braking 
    
  
11 BMS error/charging fault Text     
12 Health status of PIS Text     
13 Heath Status of BMS       
14 Heath Status of ITS       
15 Heath Status of VTS       
16 Door open/ closed status text     
a Driver Side       
b Passenger Side       
c Rear Left       
d Rear Right       
17 Cabin temperature Numeric degree 
Celsius   
18 Motor Speed Numeric rpm   
19 Diagonostic Trouble Codes Code - 
Alphanumeric 
Description - Text 
  
  
20 Charge Discharge Cycle Numeric     
21 Distance to empty/residual range       
Data availability for every fleet below 98% (ninety eight percent) in any month, 1% (one percent) of the Monthly 
Fees shall be deducted. This infraction will be considered in un-capped category.  
4. Other Deductibles 
In service kilometers not operated due to something over which the Operator has an element 
of control but which is not covered by staff or mechanical causes may include (but is not limited 
to): 
a) Staff error or unauthorized curtailments by staff. 
b) A bus blocked in the garage and unable to depart on time. 
c) A bus running got discharged en-route. 
d) Where a bus in service has to be withdrawn due to a defective PIS / GPS. 
e) Where the reason for the lost Kilometers is unknown or is in doubt.  
 
5. Traffic (Non-Deductibles) 
a) In service kilometers not operated due to traffic causes may include (but is not limited to) 
Curtailments or lost journeys arising from the effect of traffic congestion whatever the cause. 
b) Losses arising from conductor (STU staff) being late in reaching changeover points must not be 
included. 
c) Losses arising from road traffic accidents involving the Operator’s vehicle, when there is no fault 

--- Page 374 ---
 
281 
of operator’s driver. 
 
6. Other Non-Deductibles 
In service kilometers not operated due to something beyond the Operator’s reasonable control but 
which is not covered by traffic causes may include (but is not limited to): 
a) Incidents 
Any kilometers losses resulting from incidents reportable to STU. 
In case of strike / Bandh if bus and driver are available for duty but bus could not be operated. 
Non-deductible losses apply only to the day the incident occurred and should not exceed the 
remainder of the duty in question unless exceptional circumstances are explained. For road traffic 
accidents or vandalism whilst in service it must be demonstrated that action was taken as quickly 
as possible to render the vehicle(s) fit for service. Evidence must be readily available to show the 
number of vehicles affected, incident times, the extent of thedamage, engineers action etc. 
b) Disasters 
Where a major occurrence requires a fundamental change to the planned operation, for example 
accidents or explosions. 
Losses arising from traffic congestion caused by these events will be classified as non deductible. 
c) Road Closed/Blocked 
Where vehicles are ‘turned back’ or prevented from completing part of the route, for example 
security alerts, floods, diversions or roads blocked. 
Losses arising from traffic congestion caused by these events should be classified as non 
deductible. 
 
Other Infractions 
An Incidence of sub-optimal performance and/or non-compliance of Specifications and standards 
shall be referred to as an “Infraction”. The deduction for each Infraction shall be made in terms of 
the table set out below. 
Infractions: 
An Incidence of sub-optimal performance and/or non-compliance of Specifications and 
standards shall be referred to as an “Infraction”. The deduction for each Infraction shall be made 
in terms of the table set out below: 
 

--- Page 375 ---
 
282 
Sr. 
No. 
Category of 
Infraction 
Reference 
Table for 
Infraction in 
Annexure 
Amount for Each Infraction 
for calculating Performance 
Claim/ Deduction (in 
Rupees) 
Time to Resolve for next higher 
slab in terms of Clause …of this 
Schedule 
(Bus related infraction) 
1 A Table A 100/- One day 
2 B Table B 500/- Two days 
3 C Table C 1,000/- Three Days 
4 D Table D 1,500/- Three Days 
5 E Table E 3,000/- One day 
6 F Table F 10,000/- One day 
7 G Table G 2,00,000/- + Actual expenses 
to be borne by 
 the operator. 
One day 
8 H Table H   
Note: Performance Deduction/Claim amount shall be applied even during time to resolve the infraction (Period 
indicated as in above table). 
Infractions can be identified by STU, a nominated person, on visual checking, electro-mechanical reviews, 
reports from STU/passenger feedback and data from the Central Data Base of STU. 
STU shall have access to Operator’s facilities in order to check such Infractions on a regular basis either through 
visits to the workshops and garages commonly used by the Operator, or bus inspections at terminal points along 
the route during service hours. 
The Operator may note that the formats provided in category wise Infractions given in tables A, B, C, D, E, F, 
and G are typical, but are subject to revision from time to time based on actual information, logistics and 
monitoring requirements. 
In case of non-rectification of infraction within stipulated time to resolve, any subsequent repetition shall attract 
penalty of next higher slab with a ceiling of Rs. 3,000 per infraction, for category A, B, C, D & E. Thereafter, it 
will be binding on the Operator not to operate the vehicle till rectification of the bus related to infractions. 
Total infractions of all buses, mentioned in tables A, B, C, D except Safety items shall be capped to 5 % of the 
total monthly due payments. 
All other infractions (of Safety category) mentioned in tables A, B, C and D & all infractions mention in tables 
E, F, and G shall be non-capped. 
The fine and penalties for Traffic offences shall be paid by the operator to Traffic police / RTO and any other 
authority within stipulated period. 
If ITS equipments found switched off or not operated, then payment for that trip will not made. 
 

--- Page 376 ---
 
283 
 CATEGORY WISE LIST OF INFRACTION 
Table A : Category “A” Infraction 
  
Sr. no. Description of the infraction 
Safety 
1 Damaged/Missing window safety guard rails. 
2 Loose electrical wiring/ tampering with electrical wiring harness. 
3 Lack of specified fire extinguishers, empty or partially empty fire extinguishers 
that are beyond the date of expiry, or do not specify the 
expiry date. 
4 Damaged floor, steps, hatches, or hatch covers inside the bus. 
5 Missing damaged, or loosely hanging rub rails, hand grab rails, and hand 
holds. 
6 Missing, broken, or loosely hanging, seat belts if provided 
7 LED board defective (per board) 
8 Missing/ non operative, or blackened saloon lights, indicator lights, wiper 
system, wiper blades, prescribed horn and any indicating instruments (per item) 
9 Fixing any additional lights, gadgets, guards, fixtures, etc. on the 
exterior of the bus in contravention to the Applicable Laws. 
10 Fitment of radio, music system, or any other gadgets inside the bus 
in contravention to the Applicable Laws. 
Operations 
11 Not stopping at authorized bus stops on the Route 
12 Delaying operation of Stage Carriage Services without cause. 
13 Parking vehicles in stations against permitted rules and regulations. 
14 Driver smoking, chewing tobacco, betel leaf while on board the bus 
15 Picking and dropping passengers at unauthorized bus stops, if no conductor provided by STU 
16 Late out of bus more than 15 minutes at the time of turn out. 
Quality 
17 To operate vehicle with visible dents, damaged / torn external panels 
that are more than 6” in width. 
18 Oil spillage on wheel rims, hubs, tyres, etc 
19 Discoloration or unpainted repair work inside the bus or on any of its items 
20 Not maintaining USB charging ports in operating condition 

--- Page 377 ---
 
284 
Table B: Category “B” Infraction 
 
Sr. no. Description of the infraction 
Safety 
1 To operate with defective front, side and/or back brake lights 
2 Section of handrail loose or with sharp edges 
 
3 
Inadequate operation of passenger access doors, either due to damage or 
incorrect operation which affects the boarding and alighting of passengers 
4 Defective, emergency exits and hatches or damaged or bent bumpers 
Operations 
5 Parking Stage Carriage Buses in places other than those prescribed by 
STU 
6 Deviating from the route of a service without the prior authorization or 
instruction of STU/ Police without due cause 
7 Roof leakage , Surveillance system not working/ recording, CCTV defect 
8 Vehicle Tracking System defect 
Quality 
9 Dirty vehicle, outside or inside, at the beginning of the journey 
10 Damaged, broken, loosely fitted, or missing passenger seats, windows 
Rattling 
 
11 
Display of incorrect passenger route information, inadequately lit or illegible display of 
passenger information at anyof designated locations for displaying passenger information 
on the bus 
12 Display of slogans, posters on the bus without prior approval of STU. 
13 Running the bus with a lux level less than 70 in the saloon area 
Table C: Category “C” Infraction 
 
Sr. no. Description of the infraction 
Safety 
1 To reduce the percentage of visual transmission of lights of safety 
glasses beyond normal as prescribed in Rule 100(2) of CMVR 
2 To drive with lights off in the saloon area and/or destination boards 
after lighting uptime 
3 Use of electronic equipment by the driver while driving 
(Cell Phones, Headphones/Ear-Phones, Walkman etc.) 
4 Causing minor road accidents 
5 Violation of any of the legal requirements related to registration, 
operation and maintenance of the buses 
6 Fitment of an Air Pressure Horn 
7 Driving the bus in a defective condition, getting battery discharged out 

--- Page 378 ---
 
285 
Sr. no. Description of the infraction 
Operations 
8 Operating unauthorized trips such as trips which do not form part of 
the Schedule 
9 Tampering On-board Equipment 
10 Driver quarrelling with passenger(s) or road users or otherwise 
misbehavior with passengers or other road users. 
11 Operational staff working beyond authorized working hours permitted 
under Applicable Laws. (Unless situation demands) 
12 Breakdown / accidents- If the loss of kilometers is more than 5% of 
schedule kilometers of that bus on that day. 
13 Air conditioning system defective en-route (AC buses) 
Quality 
14 To  use or modified colors and designs of the external paintwork of the 
vehicle outside the standards parameters as notified by Transport Division, 
STU. 
15 To place advertising material not authorized by STU or to infringe 
regulations regarding advertising material in vehicles. 
16 Failure to refurbish the bus after sixth year from date of put in service, per bus per 
day. 
17  Failure to comply with the maintenance obligations and safety requirements  
Table D : Category “D” Infractions 
 
Sr. no. Description of the infraction 
Safety 
1 Damaged, or over worn tyres, poor quality retreading of tyres, 
poorly inflated tyres etc. 
2 Causing Major road accidents. 
3 Failure to deliver incident information on time, as required by STU 
as specified in the Operator’s Agreement 
 4 
To  refuse to accept the visits of STU inspectors or authorized representatives. To  hide 
information or to provide partial or erroneous information. 
 5 
Failure to provide adequate information to STU/ Police in relation 
to accident/s, injury to persons, damage to public / thirdparty property 
6 Misinformation or an attempt to hide anti-social incidents on the 
bus or accidents en-route 
7 Driver carrying weapons/arms of any kind on board the bus/ on 
person while on duty 
 
  

--- Page 379 ---
 
286 
Table E: Category “E” Infractions 
 
Sr. No. Description of the infraction 
1 Over speeding, rash driving (driving bus beyond prescribed speed limit as notified 
from time to time) 
2 Driving drunk on duty or driving the bus while in a drunken state 
3 Tampering of speed governors 
4 skipping red signals, stopping the bus beyond the stop line at traffic signals 
 
Table F: Category ”F” Infraction 
 
Sr. No. Description of the infraction 
1 “Serious nature of  breakdowns” means breakdowns in those critical systems of bus such as 
which may result in fire, heavy damage to bus, major injury etc. 
 
Table  G:Category “G” Infractions 
 
Sr. No. Description of the infraction 
1 “Fatal Accidents” means any incident in which bus involved on road/ inside STU’s depot 
/ parking premises, which causes death to passengers / pedestrians. 
 
  

--- Page 380 ---
PAGE | 287 
 
 
SCHEDULE-T : PANEL OF CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS 
(See Clause 26.2)  
   
1 Panel of Chartered Accountants  
Pursuant to the provisions of Clause 26.2.1 of the Agreement, the Authority and the Operator shall prepare a mutually agreed 
panel of 5 (five) reputable firms of Chartered Accountants having their registered offices in India (the “Panel of Chartered 
Accountants”). The criteria for preparing such Panel and the procedure to be adopted in this behalf shall be as set forth in this 
Schedule-Q. 
 
2 Invitation for empanelment  
 
2.1 The Authority shall invite offers from all reputable firms of Chartered Accountants who fulfil the following eligibility criteria, 
namely:  
(a) the firm should have conducted statutory audit of the annual accounts of at least one hundred companies registered 
under the Companies Act, 1956, or the Companies Act, 2013, of which at least ten should have been public sector 
undertakings;  
(b) the firm should have at least 5 (five) practicing Chartered Accountants on its rolls, each with a minimum experience of 
ten years in the profession;  
(c) the firm or any of its partners should not have been disqualified or black-listed by the Comptroller and Auditor General 
of India or the Authority; and  
(d) the firm should have an office in the State or in an adjacent State with at least 2 (two) practicing Chartered Accountants 
on its rolls in such State.  
 
2.2 Interested firms meeting the eligibility criteria shall be required to submit a statement of their capability including the bio-data 
of all the practicing Chartered Accountants on its rolls. In particular, each firm shall be required to furnish year-wise information 
relating to the names of all the companies with an annual turnover exceeding Rs. 25,00,00,000 (Rupees twenty five crore) 
whose annual accounts were audited by such firm in any of the preceding 5 (five) Accounting Years.  
 
3 Evaluation and selection  
 
3.1 The information furnished by each firm shall be scrutinised and evaluated by the Authority and 1 (one) point shall be awarded 
for each annual audit of the companies specified in Paragraph 2.2 above. (For the avoidance of doubt, a firm which has 
conducted audit of the annual accounts of any such company for five years shall be awarded five points).  
 
3.2 The Authority shall prepare a list of all the eligible firms along with the points scored by each such firm and 5 (five) firms 
scoring the highest points shall be identified and included in the draft Panel of Chartered Accountants.  
 
4 Consultation with the Operator  
 
The Authority shall convey the aforesaid panel of firms to the Authority for scrutiny and comments, if any. The Operator 
shall be entitled to scrutinise the relevant records of the Authority to ascertain whether the selection of firms has been 
undertaken in accordance with the prescribed procedure and it shall send its comments, if any, to the Authority within 15 
(fifteen) days of receiving the aforesaid panel.  
5 Mutually agreed panel  
 

--- Page 381 ---
PAGE | 288 
 
 
5.1 The Authority shall, after considering all relevant factors including the comments, if any, of the Operator, finalise and constitute 
a panel of 5 (five) firms which shall be deemed to be the mutually agreed Panel of Chartered Accountants.  
 
5.2 After completion of every 5 (five) years from the date of preparing the mutually agreed Panel of Chartered Accountants, or 
such earlier period as may be agreed between the Authority and the Operator, a new panel shall be prepared in accordance with 
the provisions of this Schedule-R.  

--- Page 382 ---
PAGE | 289 
 
 
SCHEDULE-U : LIQUIDATED DAMAGES PAYABLE BY THE AUTHORITY 
 
Clause Event of default Liquidated Damages 
4.1.4 Delay in fulfilment (unless waived or extended by the 
Operator) of all the Conditions Precedent set forth in 
Clause 4.1.2 
0.1% of the Performance Security per day subject 
to a maximum of 20% (twenty per cent) of the 
Performance Security 
10.2.6 Delay in providing vacant access, constructive 
possession including right of way and license to 
possess the Maintenance Depots 
Rs. 10,000/day for each day of delay 
27.1.3 & 
27.1.4 
Failure to maintain requisite balance in Escrow 
Account 
3% above SBI PLR on the quantum of shortfall for 
the period of delay 
 

--- Page 383 ---
PAGE | 290 
 
 
SCHEDULE-V : LIQUIDATED DAMAGES PAYABLE BY THE OPERATOR 
 
Clause Event of default Liquidated Damages 
4.1.4 Delay in fulfilment (unless waiver or 
extended by the Operator) of all the 
Conditions Precedent set forth in Clause 
4.1.3 
0.1% of the Performance Security per day  
12.5.1 Delay in completing the Fit Out Works  
 
0.1% of the Performance Security per day 
per bus times the no. of buses allocated to 
the specific depot  
13.6.1 Delay in procuring the Prototype Bus 0.5% (zero point five per cent) of the 
Performance Security for every week, or 
part thereof; subject to a maximum of 10% 
(ten per cent) of the Performance Security 
13.8 Delay in procurement of buses for 
reasons not directly attributable to a 
Delay Event  
 
0.1 % of the Performance Security per day 
for each Bus whose procurement is delayed; 
subject to a maximum of 10% (ten per cent) 
of the Performance Security  
14.1.5 Delay in rectifying Punch List items 1% (one per cent) of the Performance 
Security per affected bus per day 
17.5.1 Damages for breach of Maintenance 
Obligations 
INR 2,500 per bus times the number of 
buses allocated to the specific depot 
19.5.2 Failure to complete remedial measures INR 2,500 per bus times the number of 
buses allocated to the specific depot 
21.1 Delay in achieving Financial Closure 0.1% (zero point one per cent) of the 
Performance Security per day 
41.2.3 Failure to redress complaints INR 2,500 per Bus such complaint applies to 
for each day. 
 
 
 
 
  

--- Page 384 ---
PAGE | 291 
 
 
 
SCHEDULE-W : PRODUCT WARRANTY UNDERTAKING 
 
 
(To be on non-judicial stamp paper of appropriate value as per Stamp Act) 
[To be executed by the OEM Supported by Board Resolution at the time of signing of the Concession 
Agreement] 
 
 
[This Agreement is to be counter-signed by the Operator at the time of signing the Concession Agreement] 
 
Date: ...................... 
 
 
OEM Name and Address: 
 
 
To, 
 
(Name & Address of Authority) 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
1. We, M/s (Name of the OEM) have agreed/committed to supply Buses  to <name of the Operator> (Operator) for undertaking 
the Project] for Procurement, Supply, Operation and Maintenance of 10,900 Electric Buses and Development of Allied Electric 
and Civil Infrastructure on Gross Cost Contracting (GCC) under PM E-DRIVE under the Concession Agreement dated xxxxx 
executed between the Authority and Operator. 
 
2. One of the conditions of the said Concession Agreement is that we have to provide warranty for product restoration to ensure 
continuous operation in case of Termination of the Concession Agreement under Clause 32 of Concession Agreement.  
 
3. We hereby undertake that we pledge our unconditional & irrevocable product warranty for all goods and equipment forming 
part of mechanical & electrical systems in the electric buses supplied by the Operator, for the remaining term of the Concession 
Agreement from the date of termination of the Concession Agreement. We further agree that this undertaking shall be without 
prejudice to the various liabilities that the Operator would be required to undertake in terms of the Concession Agreement as
well as other obligations of the Operator. 
 
4. We undertake that we shall supply and replace all goods and equipment forming part of mechanical & electrical systems in 
the electric buses supplied by the Operator, for the remaining term of the Concession Agreement from the date of termination 
of the Concession Agreement, at the pre-defined rate as per the Comprehensive Maintenance Contract.   
 
5. This undertaking is irrevocable and unconditional and shall remain in force till the end of Contract Period. 
 
6. We are herewith enclosing a copy of the Board Resolution in support of this undertaking.   

--- Page 385 ---
PAGE | 292 
 
 
Witness: 
Yours faithfully, 
(1) ................................... 
(2) ................................... 
(Signature of Authorized Signatory) on behalf of the OEM  
Name & Designation ............................... 
Name of the OEM ...............  
(Seal of OEM) 
 
 
  

--- Page 386 ---
PAGE | 293 
 
 
SCHEDULE-X : MONTHLY REPORTING FORMAT 
 
Monitoring of Operation and Maintenance 
 
Details of Depot Date:  
Number of buses   
Daily assured km   
Assured km per month   
Per km fee (Rs/km) - Excl GST)   
Name of the city   
Address of the Depot   
  
List of Reports Daily Monthly Annual 
Breakdowns   Yes   
Punctuality   Yes   
Frequency   Yes   
Availability   Yes   
Passenger Complaints   Yes   
Driver/Crew Complaints   Yes   
Major Accidents Yes     
Minor Accidents Yes     
Kilometers of operation   Yes   
ITMS availability   Yes   
Safety report     Yes 
Operational Infractions report   Yes   
Maintenance Inspection Report   Yes   
Scheduled Maintenance   Yes   
Unscheduled Maintenance   Yes   
Tests Report   Yes   
State of Health (SoH) of Battery   Yes   
Maintenance activities at Depots /Charging 
Stations 
  Yes   
 
  

--- Page 387 ---
PAGE | 294 
 
 
SCHEDULE-Y : KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS- DAMAGES & INCENTIVES 
 
Clause Event of 
default 
Condition required Damages/ Incentives 
20.2 Reliability 
- Damages 
Number of Breakdowns per 
10,000 (ten thousand) 
kilometers travelled by the 
Buses (the “Breakdown 
Factor”)  
0.1% of the Monthly Fees* for 0.1 increase in 
reliability factor above 0.5 
- Incentive 0.05% of the Monthly Fees for every 0.1 decrease 
in Reliability factor below 0.5      
20.3 Availability 
Damages 
 
Number of Buses available for 
operations in the start of 
Shift(s) as per the scheduled 
turn out time divided by total 
number of Buses planned 
Damages payable per non available Bus 
1. Less than 95% and till 90%- 50 kms/ shift/ bus 
2. Less than 90% and till 85%- 60 kms /shift/ bus 
3. Less than 85% - 70 kms / shift/ bus 
20.4 Punctuality  
- Damages 
Time start of trips for trips 
operated daily in the relevant 
month (“Start Punctuality”) 
and on-time arrival at the final 
destination (in accordance with 
the Deployment Plan) 
(“Arrival Punctuality”). 
The Start Punctuality shall be 
equal to or more than 90% in 
any month (“Guaranteed Start 
Punctuality”) and the Arrival 
Punctuality shall be equal to or 
more than 80% in any month 
(“Guaranteed Arrival 
Punctuality”). 
For every 1% reduction in the Start Punctuality or 
the Arrival Punctuality in any month, as the case 
may be, as compared to the Guaranteed Start 
Punctuality or the Guaranteed Arrival Punctuality, 
in each case, for that month, it shall pay Damages 
to the Authority at the rate of 1% of the Monthly 
Fees. 
- Incentive For every 1% increase in the Start Punctuality or 
the Arrival Punctuality over and above the 
Guaranteed Start Punctuality or the Guaranteed 
Arrival Punctuality, as the case may be, for that 
month, the Authority shall pay to the Operator an 
incentive equal to 0.05% of the Monthly Fees. 
20.5 Frequency 
- Damages 
% of the cumulative completed 
trips travelled by all Buses 
(“Trip Frequency”) and % of 
the cumulative Bus Kilometers 
travelled by all Buses (“Bus 
Kms Frequency”).  
1% reduction in the Trip Frequency or the Bus 
Kms Frequency, 1% of the Monthly Fees  
- Incentive 1% reduction in the Trip Frequency or the Bus 
Kms Frequency, 0.05% of the Monthly fees. 
20.6 Safety of 
Operations 
- Damages 
Number of accidents per 
10,000 kms (Ten thousand 
Kilometers) (the “General 
Safety”) and the number of 
severe accidents per month (the 
“Severe Safety”). 
For every increase in number of accidents, by a 
factor of 0.01 as compared to the Assured General 
Safety, damages at a rate of 2% of the Monthly 
Fees shall be applicable.  
For every number of Severe Safety incident 
occurrence, Damages at a rate of 2% of the 

--- Page 388 ---
PAGE | 295 
 
 
Clause Event of 
default 
Condition required Damages/ Incentives 
Monthly Fees for each incident shall be 
applicable. 
- Incentive If the General Safety is less than 0.005, then for 
every 0.001 decrease in the General Safety, an 
incentive equal to 0.05% of the Monthly Fees 
shall be paid.  
20.10 Limits of 
Damages 
- KPIs 
 
- Operational 
Infractions: 
 
 
10% of the aggregate Monthly 
Fees payable.  
 
5% of the Monthly Fees for 
that month. 
 
 
 
*Monthly Fees shall mean the Fees payable to the Operator for each month after commencement of the Bus Services and which shall 
be calculated in accordance with Article 22; 
  

--- Page 389 ---
PAGE | 296 
 
 
SCHEDULE-Z   : COMPREHENSIVE MAINTENANCE AGREEMENT 
 
[To be executed by the OEM Supported by Board Resolution at the time of signing of the Concession 
Agreement] 
 
 
[This Agreement is to be counter-signed by the Operator at the time of signing the Concession Agreement] 
 
 
THIS COMPREHENSIVE MAINTENANCE CONTRACT AGREEMENT is entered into on this the ………..   day of …………..  
20…..  
  
AMONGST  
 
…………………..  Limited, a company incorporated under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and having its registered 
office at …………………   (hereinafter referred to as the “OEM” which expression shall, unless repugnant to the context or 
meaning thereof, include its successors, permitted assigns and substitutes); and  
 
The Governor of *****, represented by [**** and having its principal offices at ******] (hereinafter referred to as the 
“Authority” which expression shall, unless repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, include its administrators, successors 
and assigns). 
 
WHEREAS: 
 
A. The Authority has entered into a Agreement dated …….. with the Operator for Supply cum Operation and Maintenance 
Agreement dated ………….. (the “SCOM or Concession Agreement”) for operation of Buses on build, own and operate basis 
(“BOO”) . 
B. The OEM(s) i.e. M/s. _________________, supplying the buses under this Agreement  is bound for the obligations of the 
Operator as per schedule-W under the Concession Agreement. As part of its obligations, the Operator has already provided a 
Product Warranty Undertaking to the Authority. 
C. In furtherance to the Product Warranty Undertaking, the OEM is entering into this Comprehensive Maintenance Agreement.  
 
NOW THEREFORE in consideration of the foregoing and the respective covenants and agreements set forth in this Agreement, the 
sufficiency and adequacy of which is hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the Parties agree as follows: 
 
1 COMPREHENSIVE MAINTENANCE CONTRACT  
 
1.1  Meaning 
 
“Comprehensive Maintenance Contract” shall mean and includes 
a) predictive, preventive and breakdown maintenance of Buses and Chargers 
b) cost of consumables 
c) repair and replacement of faulty parts, assembly, sub-assembly and ITS hardware 
d) refurbishment of Buses as per the Concession Agreement on actual cost basis 
e) periodic painting of Buses  
f) labour costs 
g) maintenance, upgradation and revision of vehicle control software installed in Buses 
h) attending Bus related infractions 
i) repairs for accidents resulting from poor maintenance of Buses, any other repairs required due to accidents on actual cost 
basis 

--- Page 390 ---
PAGE | 297 
 
 
j) periodic fitness, safety and any other mandatory certifications of Buses 
k) attending driver complaints related to maintenance issues of Buses and 
l) washing and cleaning of Buses 
 
  
 1.2  Applicability  
 
In case of Termination of the Concession Agreement after COD and before the end of the Concession Agreement period, 
the OEM agrees to provide annual maintenance services for the Buses till the end of the original end date of the Concession 
Agreement period. 
 
This Agreement is mutually exclusive with the Product Warranty Undertaking executed by the OEM for the purpose of 
executing the Concession Agreement by either the OEM or its Associate and it will become applicable only in the case of 
Termination of Concession Agreement.  
 
1.3 Responsibility of the OEM 
 
The OEM agrees to maintain Buses in operational condition till the end of the original period as per the Concession 
Agreement. Further, OEM undertakes to supply and/ or replace any consumables which may be required as per the 
Maintenance Schedule under the Concession Agreement. 
 
The OEM will also ensure replacement of battery, motor or any other mechanical and electrical part of the Bus which is 
defected or has reached the end of its useful life.  
 
2.  CONSIDERATION 
 
2.1 Amount of consideration 
 
For providing the Comprehensive Maintenance services by OEM, the Authority hereby undertakes to pay the OEM at the 
predefined rate of 10% of the applicable PK Fees (at the time of Termination) against the Actual Bus Kilometers 
(“Monthly Maintenance Fees”) as per the Concession Agreement on a monthly basis till the end of the original contract 
period. For the purpose of calculating the Monthly Maintenance Fees, the PK Fees will be revised in accordance with the 
provisions of this Agreement. 
 
Further, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained under this Agreement or the Concession Agreement, the OEM 
agrees to replace battery when SoH falls below 80%. 
 
3. DAMAGES PAYABLE 
 
3.1 Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) 
 
Article 20.2, 20.3 and 20.6 reflecting the Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) related to Reliability, Availability and Safety 
respectively, as per the Concession Agreement should not be affected due to failure of OEMs to ensure regular 
maintenance of Buses. In case such KPIs are not met by the Buses after termination due to the reasons attributable to the 
OEM then in such case the OEM shall be liable to damages as per the following table: 
 
 

--- Page 391 ---
PAGE | 298 
 
 
KPIs Condition required Damages/ Incentives 
Reliability Number of Breakdowns per 
10,000 (ten thousand) kilometers 
travelled by the Buses (the 
“Breakdown Factor”)  
0.1% of the Monthly Maintenance Fees* 
for 0.1 increase in reliability factor above 
0.5 
Availability Number of Buses available for 
operations in the start of Shift(s) 
as per the scheduled turn out time 
divided by total number of Buses 
planned 
Damages payable per non available Bus 
1. Less than 95% and till 90%- 50 kms/ 
shift/ bus 
2. Less than 90% and till 85%- 60 kms 
/shift/ bus 
3. Less than 85% - 70 kms / shift/ bus 
Safety of 
Operations 
Number of accidents per 10,000 
kms (Ten thousand Kilometers) 
(the “General Safety”) and the 
number of severe accidents per 
month (the “Severe Safety”). 
For every increase in number of accidents, 
by a factor of 0.01 as compared to the 
Assured General Safety, damages at a rate 
of 2% of the Monthly Maintenance Fees 
shall be applicable.  
For every number of Severe Safety 
incident occurrence, Damages at a rate of 
2% of the Monthly Maintenance Fees for 
each incident shall be applicable. 
Limits of Damages  
10% of the Monthly Maintenance Fees 
 
3.2  Infractions 
Damages on account of Infractions related to maintenance of Buses as defined in the Original Concession Agreement shall be 
payable by the OEM. 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF THE PARTIES HAVE EXECUTED AND DELIVERED THIS AGREEMENT AS OF THE DATE 
FIRST ABOVE WRITTEN  
  
 SIGNED, SEALED AND         SIGNED, SEALED AND   
DELIVERED           DELIVERED  
  
For and on behalf of          For and on behalf of  
OEM by:           AUTHORITY by:  
  
   
  
(Signature)            (Signature)  
(Authorized Signatory)            (Name)  
(Designation)            (Designation)  
(Address)            (Address)  

--- Page 392 ---
PAGE | 299 
 
 
(Fax No.)            (Fax No.) 
  

--- Page 393 ---
PAGE | 300 
 
 
SCHEDULE-AA                                     :ADDITIONAL DETAILS 
 
Sl. No. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 
City              
STU              
OEM               
Operator              
CAPEX cost Per Bus 
 (in Rs.)             
 
Battery Capacity (kwh) as per TA 
certificate             
 
Size of the e-Bus (7/9/12) by Request 
letter and Noting              
 
Model Name               
CMVR Date              
PM E-DRIVE Application Date              
PM E-DRIVE Certificate Date               
PM E-DRIVE certificate validity 
date             
 
Month of Manufacturing as per RC              
Registration No.              
VIN No.               
Date of Registration as per STU             
 
Date of receipt as per STU              
Total Eligible Subsidy (S)             
 
Payment Details              
(a) First Tranche payment received 
(Amount with Date)             
 
(b) Second Tranche Payment 
received (Amount with Date) 
            
 
(c) Third Tranche payment received 
(Amount with Date) 
            
 
(d) Fourth Tranche payment 
received  
(Amount with Date)             
 
Balance Payment  
(S-(a+b+c+d))             
 
Total              
Remarks              
 
  

--- Page 394 ---
PAGE | 301 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Volume 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Technical Specifications for Type-I Buses 
 
  

--- Page 395 ---
PAGE | 302 
 
 
Table 1: Technical specifications of Electric bus Compliant with the requirements of CMVR, AIS:052 
(Type – I), AIS:153, UBS II & AIS:140 for 9m and 12m Standard & Low floor electric bus 
S No. Description Technical Specification 
1 Introduction The bus shall conform to the technical specifications 
mentioned in this Table 1 are applicable for following type of 
buses: 
 
1. 12m, 900 mm floor height Non-AC Bus (Standard Floor) 
2. 12m, 400 mm Floor height AC & Non-AC Bus (Low Floor) 
3. 9m, 900 mm floor height AC &Non-AC Bus (Standard 
Floor) 
4. 9m, 400 mm Floor height AC & Non-AC Bus (Low Floor) 
5. 7m, 400 mm floor height AC Bus (Low Floor) 
 
i. The word “bus” shall mean the New electric bus to 
be used for the project. 
ii. The word “bus” shall also mean a bus powered exclusively 
by an Electric Motor whose traction energy is supplied 
exclusively by traction battery (Other than hybrid) 
installed in the vehicle suitable for operations in city 
conditions. 
iii. The bidder shall comply with all applicable Central, State 
and local laws (including Acts, Rules & Regulations). 
In case of any mandatory standard/regulation related to 
buses is notified till commercial operation of the buses, 
the same shall be complied by the bidder. 
iv. The word “Bus” wherever it has been used in specifications 
means the “Battery Operated Bus”. The bus in general 
shall meet all applicable Central Motor Vehicle Rules, 
1989 as amended from time to time (hereinafter referred to 
as “CMVR”), norms for safety applicable on the date of 
manufacture and Bus Code AIS 052 1989 as amended from 
time to time thereof [hereinafter called Bus Body Code], 
AIS:049, AIS:038 and AIS:153 all as amended from time to 
time as also those related to easy passenger accessibility 
including for persons with disabilities (PWDs) and all other 
norms and regulations on electric vehicles. 
v. Where there is conflict between the requirement as per any 
applicable law in force and the requirement emanating from 
these specifications whichever of these two is of superior/ 
higher standard shall prevail. Also, any specifications 
superior to the ones set out as Minimum Technical 
Specifications shall meet requirements of the contract. 
Bus Model shall be in compliance with latest CMVR & Bus Body Code and approved as per AIS:052+AIS:153+Annexure 3 of UBS II by any Indian 
Government approved testing agency like ARAI, ICAT, 
NATRaX, G A R C  etc. 

--- Page 396 ---
PAGE | 303 
 
 
2 Statutory requirements The eBus shall be designed and manufactured in accordance 
with the latest CMVR requirements & AIS:052 Code of 
Practice for Bus Body Design & Approval [Bus Code], UBS II, 
AIS:049, AIS:038 and AIS:153 all amended from time to time 
as also those related to easy passenger accessibility 
including for persons with disabilities (PWDs). 
 
 S No. Description Technical Specification 
      eBus shall be type approved as per CMVR requirements. 
3 Electric propulsion system & 
its requirements. 
Electrically propelled system should be designed to meet 
“Code of practice for Electric Propulsion System” 
performance as per AIS:038 & AIS:049. 
 
Electric Propulsion system should propel the bus at GVW 
fitted with all other auxiliary devices and system including 
air conditioning. 
Electric propulsion system and other sub-system should be 
able to operate efficiently at ambient temperatures / 
environmental conditions in India. 
4 Type of Battery Bus Manufacturer should use advance new generation 
batteries. 
Battery should be certified as per AIS:038 Rev-02 as 
amended from time to time. 
 
Advance chemistry battery as defined by Ministry of Heavy 
Industry vide Notification No S.O. 1472(E) dated 28th March 
2019, as amended from time to time. 
 
For Human Safety, Battery should also be certified with 
Office memorandum F.NO. 01(02) /2022 –AEI (20555) 
Dated 06th September 2023 or as amended. 
5 a. Battery Pack Rating and 
Energy/Power 
b. Minimum & Maximum 
Charging% 
c. Motor/s Capacity 
d. Charging standard 
e. Charging standard in high 
voltage system 
(i) No. of Motor(s) / Battery pack(s) as per Manufacturer’s 
design 
(ii) Location of motor and batteries as per Manufacturer’s 
design considering minimal maintenance and ease of 
charging 
(iii) Electric Regeneration is required 
( i v ) Charging Mode as per Manufacturer’s design. Charging 
Time - less than 5 hours - overnight charging for all 
buses. 
( v ) Safety–Short circuit, Over Temperature, Lightening 
Protection is mandatory. 
( v i ) CCS 2.0- Combined Charging System. 
5.1 Battery Cooling System Liquid Cooling system. Battery Temperature to be 
maintained between 5 – 45 degree C. 
5.2 Battery Life Battery to be used in mobility application upto 80% SoH. 
Operator to replace battery when SoH falls below 80%. 

--- Page 397 ---
PAGE | 304 
 
 
5.3 Battery Charging System DC fast charging by CCS 2.0; Bus charging infrastructure to 
comply with guidelines No. 12/2/2018-EV dated 17th 
September 2024 or latest as issued by Ministry of Power, 
Government of India, as amended from time to time. 
5.4 Protection Function An advance BMS should be integrated to a battery pack(s) to 
monitor the minimum following parameters of battery(ies): 
(a) Overcharge or discharge protection 
(b) Over Current Protection 
(c) High and Low voltage protection 
(d) High and Low temperature protection 
(e) State of charge and battery health 

--- Page 398 ---
PAGE | 305 
 
 
S No. Description Technical Specification 
5.6  
 
Electric Drive Motors 
Optimal Rating, Type, Make, Model of Electric Drive Motors 
with minimum maintenance. 
Motor should be able to operate efficiently at ambient 
temperatures of approximately (-5) to 50 degrees 
centigrade, humidity level from 5% to 100%. 
5.7 Electric propulsion system 
motor rating / power 
sufficient to provide Rated 
Performance at GVW in 
Stop/ Start In Urban 
Operation: 
 
a. Rated Performance at GVW 
in Stop/ Start In Urban 
Operation 
Maximum rated speed should meet the requirement as per 
CMVR 
b. Acceleration (Meter / Sec.²) 
minimum 
≥0.8 
c. Bus Speed of 0 – 30 kmph in 
Seconds. 
≤10.5 seconds 
d. Maximum Speed Maximum speed without speed limiter to be as per CMVR 
e. Minimum Grade ability from 
Stop at GVW 17% 
f. Rated motor power/torque 
preferably at lower rpm range 
Rated motor power at low rpm and Maximum torque 
required at lower range of motor RPM and spread over a 
wider range of RPM Sufficient torque to meet the 
acceleration, gradeability, AC and range requirement. 
g. Power requirements for Air 
conditioning system ITS, etc 
Required to be provided by traction battery of electric 
propulsion system 
h. Allowed Specific Energy 
Consumption of e-Bus when 
tested as per AIS 039 (latest revision) with AC switched ON condition (Annual 
Average) 
12 m AC: 1.3 kWh/km 
12 m Non-AC: 1.1 kWh/km 
9 m AC: 1.0 kWh/km 
9 m Non-AC: 0.85 kWh/km 
 Note: 
Measurement shall be carried out at Gross Vehicle Weight 
(GVW) and HVAC/ VAC (if fitted in the vehicle) in operation 
(set temperature 24 ± 4 deg C) 
5.8 Pass bye noise norms As per CMVR 
 
 
6 
 
Operational safety 
Transmission system to be fitted with a mechanism which 
makes it possible to engage reverse drive only when 
vehicle is stationary 
7 Bus Axles  
7.1 Front Axle As per manufacturers design / CMVR 
7.2 Rear Axle As per manufacturers design / CMVR 
8 Suspension (Front & Rear) Air suspension at Front & Rear 
8.1 Anti-roll bars/stabilizers Required at front and rear. 
8.2 Shock absorbers Hydraulic double acting 2 at front & 2/4 at rear 
8.3 Kneeling(required only for low floor height buses) 
Min. 60 mm entry /exit side collectively 
8.4 Controls (optional) Electronically controlled air suspension system 

--- Page 399 ---
PAGE | 306 
 
 
9 Steering Power steering with height and angle adjustment. As per 
manufacturers design 
10 Transmission Automatic Transmission, as per manufacturers design 
S No. Description Technical Specification 
11 Brakes As per manufacturers design 
11.1  
 
 
Braking system 
Mandatory ABS with Disc at front and Drum at rear or disc 
brake at front and rear. 
In case of Brake Failure provision should be made for 
obtaining effectiveness of service brakes. 
Graduated hand controlled, spring actuated parking brakes 
acting on rear wheels. 
Electrical Regeneration is required 
12 Electrical system for 
auxiliary devices 24V DC 
12.1 Batteries (ancillaries’ 
equipment and light and light 
signaling devices) 
Low maintenance type leads acid batteries for 24 V & Min 
100 Ah system- performances as per BIS: 14257- 1995 
(latest). 
12.2 Electrical wiring & controls - 
type 
Multiplexing type: As per UBS-II and AIS:153. Dust and water ingress protection conforming to IP 67 
13 Speed limiting device Electronic type duly approved /certified as per 
AIS:018/2001 or latest, tamper proof and be adjusted to 
applicable speed limit. 
14 Tyres Steel Radial Tube-less. Size and performance as per 
CMVR/IS. 
15 Charging range The minimum range on single charge: 
(i) 200 kms (at 80% SoC) for 12 m bus 
(ii) 180 kms (at 80% SoC) for 9 m bus, 
duly certified as per AIS 040 standard by testing agency as 
per CMVR rule 126 along with Type Approval certificate at 
GVW and additional AC load (for AC buses) along with all 
system operations. 
 
One opportunity fast charging of up to 45 minutes (depot-in, 
depot-out basis or at any terminal) is allowed for 
operation upto 200 kms for 7m, upto 225 Kms for  9m 
buses and upto 250 kms for 12m bus. 
16 Bus characteristics 12- Meter 9- Meter 7 meter 
A Overall length (excluding 
bumper) 
11500 mm to 
12500 mm 
8800 mm to 
9500 mm 
6900mm to 7700 
 
B Overall width (sole bar/floor 
level- extreme points) As per CMVR As per CMVR As per CMVR 
C Overall height (unladen - at 
extreme point) As per CMVR As per CMVR As per CMVR 

--- Page 400 ---
PAGE | 307 
 
 
D Floor Height above ground 900 mm for Standard floor bus & 400 mm for Low floor Bus  
900 mm for Standard floor bus & 400 mm for Low floor Bus 
400 mm for Low 
Floor Bus 
 
E Wheelbase As per UBS II  As per UBS II  As per UBS II 
S No. Description Technical Specification 
F Front Overhang As per CMVR and AIS:052 
G Rear Overhang As per CMVR 
16.1 Maximum turning circle 
radius (mm) 
As per CMVR 
16.2 Clearances (mm)  
A Minimum Axle clearance 
(mm) 
165 mm 
B Wheel area clearance (mm) > 220 mm for parts fixed to bus body &> 170 mm for the 
parts moving vertically with axle. 
C Minimum ground clearance 
at GVW 
Within the wheelbase not less than 240mm. 
16.3 Angles (degrees)  
A Angle of approach (unladen) As per UBS II/ CMVR 
B Angle of departure (unladen) As per UBS II/ CMVR 
C Ramp over angle (half of 
break-over angle) 
As per UBS II/ CMVR 
17 Bus Gates/Doors (Passenger 
Doors, Driver door & 
Emergency Exit & Door) 
Ramp for wheelchair at the 
gates (in case of low floor 
bus) 
Entry and exit Door: Power operated passenger door, 
JK type/ In-Swing door as per manufacturer design. 
 
- 2 nos. of service Doors  
 
Driver Door as per CMVR/AIS:052, 
 
Emergency Exits as per CMVR/AIS:052 & AIS:153 
A. Operating mechanism Passenger Door: Power operated Electro pneumatically 
controlled 
 
Driver Door: Manually Operated 
B. Opening/Closing time in 
seconds per operation 
(maximum) 
4 Seconds 
C. Positions of door controls On dashboard and also inside & outside of doors as per 
AIS:052. 
D. Passenger safety system – 
allowing bus motion on doors 
closing and doors opening 
only when the bus is stopped 
Mandatory. 
E Door Components/Door 
Locks/Locking system/door 
hinges/Door retention 
As per AIS:052 
17.1 Service doors – Requirement As per AIS:052 & AIS:153 

--- Page 401 ---
PAGE | 308 
 
 
A  
Minimum door aperture 
(without flaps) in mm 
 
As per AIS:052 
 Description Technical Specification 
B Minimum clear door width 
(fully opened) in mm 
As per AIS:052 
C Minimum door height in mm As per AIS:052 
D Positioning front & Rear 
service door 
As per AIS:052 
E Number of gates 2 Nos.  
 
17.2 Door closing requirements 
for bus movement 
Bus should move only after closing of doors 
A Power operated service door - 
construction & control 
system of a power operated 
service door to be such that a 
Passenger is unlikely to be 
injured/trapped between the 
doors while closing 
As per AIS:052 
17.3 Step height (mm) from 
ground - unladen position in 
buses 
As per AIS:052 
18 Provisions of wheelchair for 
Persons with Disability 
(PwD) 
As per AIS:153, 100% of the total Bus fleet in city 
A Wheelchair Boarding 
Devices 
For 12m, 9 m & 7m standard floor Buses, Hydraulic Lift 
arrangement to be provided as per AIS:052 and AIS:153 for 
PwD (Divyangjan). 
Power / Manual operated ramp for low floor bus should be provided as  per AIS:052 and AIS-153 for PwD (Divyangjan) 
B Area, Length and Width of 
boarding devices 
As per AIS:153 
C Slope of ramp in % & Slope 
of extended ramp if provided 
in % 
As per AIS:153, AIS:052 
 
D 
Load carrying capacity (in 
kilograms) 
As per AIS:153 
E Device to prevent the 
wheelchair roll off the sides 
when the length exceeds 1200 
mm 
As per AIS:153/UBS-II 
F Device to lock wrapped up 
ramp 
As per AIS:153 / UBS-II 
G Mode of operation for Ramp As per AIS:153 
H Requirement for passengers 
with reduced mobility 
As per AIS:153, AIS:052 
I Wheelchair anchoring As per AIS:153, AIS:052 
J Priority seats - minimum 2 
seats 
As per AIS:153, AIS:052 
K Stop request As per AIS:153, AIS:052 

--- Page 402 ---
PAGE | 309 
 
 
L Emergency door /exists or 
Apertures 
As per AIS:153, AIS:052 
Emergency Exit (Door/Window) should be provided for 
PwD near to Wheelchair location. Safety and proper 
movement of PwD should be considered. 
 
 
S No. Description Technical Specification 
M Other Technical requirement As per AIS:153, AIS:052 
 
Push button, Stop request button on stanchions. The push 
button of an alighting buzzers should be clearly visible: 
of adequate size, installed and display the information in 
Braille/raised numbers as well.  
Location of wheelchair space shall be clearly highlighted 
marked and should be visible using the standard symbols 
for wheelchair accessibility. 
The lifting platform should be fitted with safety restraints 
system e.g., safety belt, handrails, etc. with built-in safety 
parameters to avoid any slippage. 
19 Bus design  
19.1 Design type approval As per CMVR, AIS:052 + AIS:153 
 
 
19.2 
 
Bus structure - materials 
specifications etc. 
OEM is allowed to use any corrosion resistant material as 
per UBS II, AIS:052, AIS:153, provided that the design 
integrity is validated using suitable Finite Element Analysis 
(FEA) for the operating environment of the Buses. 
 
Exterior panels: as per OEM design 
19.3 Insulation As per AIS:052, FR grade material as per IS 15061 
A Roof and side FR Grade material glass wool, PU foam or thermocol: 
As per AIS:052. B Battery Pack compartment 
19.4 Floor type/Materials etc.  
A Type of Floor As per AIS:052. 
B Steps on floor As per AIS:052 / AIS:153. 
C Maximum floor slope As per AIS:052 
 
 
 
 
D 
 
 
 
 
Floor surface material 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Minimum 15 mm (12 Metre Bus) and minimum 12 mm (9 
Metre thickness phenolic resin bonded densified laminated 
compressed wooden floorboard (both side plain surface) 
having density of 0.95 - 1.25 gms/cc conforming to IS 3513 
(Part- 3): type VI 1989 or latest. 
 
The flooring should be marine board as per BIS:710-
1976/ latest and fire retardant as per BIS:5509-2000 
(IS15061:2002). The chequered plywood minimum 
15mm (12 Metre Bus) and minimum 12 mm (9 Metre Bus) 
thick is also allowed as per the relevant standard for the 
quality 
and fire resistance/flammability 
 
E 
 
Anti – skid material 
3 mm thick anti-skid type silicon grains ISO 877/76 for 
colour, IS:15061:2002 for FR grade. 
19.5 Safety glasses and fittings:  

--- Page 403 ---
PAGE | 310 
 
 
A Front windscreen (laminated) 
glass: 
Single piece laminated safety glass, plain, flat/curved with 
curved corners with PVB film IS 2553 (Part-2) 2019latest. 
Standard designs for each model of buses to be followed 
 
B Laminated Glass 
Specifications 
Min Thickness of 7.76 mm with clear Interlayer 
 
 
S No. Description Technical Specification 
C Rear windscreen: (wherever 
provided) 
Single piece flat/curved toughened glass- plain/flat/curved 
at centre & curved at cornersIS:2553 (Part-2) 2019/latest 
revision 
D Side windows: AC Bus- Single piece flat /curved pasted toughened glass 
 Non AC bus- Sliding type window with toughened glass  
 
E Side Window /Rear 
Windshield Glass 
specifications 
Toughened glass IS:2553 (Part-2) 2019 latest revision 
Thickness = 5 mm 
F Other glasses - material 
specs, thickness etc. (If 
Provided). 
Toughened as per IS:2553 (Part-2) 2019 latest revision of 
Thickness = 5 mm 
19.6 Driver Seat As per AIS:023 and AIS:052 
A Performance & strength 
requirements of Driver Seat As per AIS:023 
B Driver’s working space As per AIS:052 
C Driver seat belt & anchorage 
duly type approved. 
ELR recoil type, 3 point mounting as per CMVR & 
AIS:052 conforming to AIS:005 & AIS:015 
19.7 Passenger Seat and Layout As per AIS-023 and AIS-052 
A Performance & strength 
requirements passenger Seat As per AIS:023 
B  
 
 
 
Passenger Seat 
Type Approved Seats & seating layout as per bus code ‘PP- 
LD’ (Polypropylene Low Density)/ LDPE (Low Density 
Polyethylene) moulded construction, with moulded flame 
retardant Polyurethane (PU) cushion for seat & back rest 
meeting the performance requirements of AIS:023 and other 
requirements as per the AIS:052 for Type I application. 
 
Flammability of passenger seat components as per 
IS:15061:2002 amended from time to time 
The gangway shall be as per UBS-II 
C Passengers seat belt 
Number and Location 
As per AIS:052, Mandatory to provide at seats on wheel 
arch (if applicable), opposite to service door and middle 
seat of last row wherever required. 
 
D  
Seat layout in Floor area 
2X2 as per AIS:052  
E Minimum seating capacity For wheelchair compatible buses: 
Standard floor buses 
a. For 12-meter bus (35 seats + 1 
wheelchair + Driver), 
b. For 9-meter bus (25 seats + 1 wheelchair + 
Driver). 

--- Page 404 ---
PAGE | 311 
 
 
c. For 7-meter bus (13 seats + 1 wheelchair + 
Driver). 
Low Floor Buses: 
i. For 12-meter bus (35 seats + 1 wheelchair + 
Driver), 
ii. For 9-meter bus (25 seats + 1 wheelchair + 
Driver). 
iii. For 7-meter bus (13 seats + 1 wheelchair + 
Driver). 
 
S No. Description Technical Specification 
F Standee Passenger As per AIS:052 
G Seat area/seat space per 
Passenger (width*depth) mm 
As per AIS:052 
H Seat pitch - minimum (mm) As per AIS:052 
I Minimum backrest height- 
from floor to top of seat/ 
headrest 
As per AIS:052 
J Seat back rest & height mm Fixed Type seat and Height as per AIS:052 
K Seat base height-distance 
from floor to horizontal front 
upper seat cushion. 
As per AIS:052 
L Free height over seating 
position 
As per AIS:052 
M Seat base height: As per AIS:052, AIS:023 
N Torso angle As per AIS:052 
O Clearance space for seated 
Passenger facing partition 
As per AIS:052 
P Seat Arm Seat arm required for aisle seats and seats opposite to 
service door and above wheel arches. 
Q Upholstery: FR grade Pile Fabric/ Jacquard/Vinyl coated fabric or 
superior 0.8-1.0 mm thick 
R Side Facing seat location AIS:052 
S Seat belts & their anchorage As per AIS:052 
20 Rear view mirrors As per CMVR 
A Mirrors right/left side 
exterior/interior 
As per AIS:001 & 002 and CMVR. 
21 Escape Hatch/Ventilator on 
Floor /Roof 
As per AIS:052 & AIS:153 
22 Corrosion prevention & 
painting As per AIS:052 
23 Wind screen wiping system:  
As per CMVR, IS:15802-2018 or Latest A Wiper motor: 
B Wiper arm/Wiper blade 
Washing system 
24 Electrical system As per CMVR, AIS:052 & AIS:153. 
The Bus shall have multiplex wiring system. All wiring shall 24.1 Electrical cables: 

--- Page 405 ---
PAGE | 312 
 
 
 
 
 
24.2 
 
 
 
Conductor cross section 
be as per the provision of AIS:052, shall be fire retardant 
conforming to IS:2465-1984 or latest and safety 
requirements as provided in CMVR. 
Copper conductors with fire retardant as per 
IS/ISO:6722:2006 or latest revision as per appropriate class. 
Conductor x-sec varying as per circuit requirements, 
minimum cross section 0.5 sq mm. It should be compliance 
with BIS/DIN or equivalent or better. 
24.3 Safety requirements of 
electrical 
 
A Fuse  
 
As per AIS:052. 
 
Battery cut off (Total Three) 
- One manual near driver seat 
- One electronic on driver Dashboard area 
- One at the rear compartment. 
 
B 
Isolation switches for 
electrical circuits where RMS 
value of voltage exceeds 100 
volts 
C Location of cables away from 
heat sources 
 
D 
Type approval of circuit 
diagram as per 
standards related to electric 
equipment’s/wiring 
E Battery cut - off switch 
(isolator switch): 
24.4 Cable insulation with respect to 
heat 
As per AIS 052 
24.5 Lighting - internal & external 
and illumination 
All lights including interiors should be LED Type 
Head Lights – As per CMVR. 
Other information as per AIS:052 and AIS:153 
24.6 Illumination 
requirements/performance of: 
 
A Dash board tell-tale 
lighting/control lighting 
As per AIS:052 
 
B 
Cabin lighting - luminous 
flux of all lamps for cabin Lighting 
As per AIS:052 
 
C 
Passenger area lighting - 
luminous flux of all lamps for 
Passenger area lighting 
As per AIS:052 
25 ITS enabled bus i. The Contractor shall procure buses as defined by the 
Authority which shall also include various but not limited to 
ITS System as defined in AIS:153, AIS:140 specifications and 
any amendments issued thereof. 
Specifically, requirements but not limited to, include: 
 
Sr. No 
Type of 
Equipment 
12M/9M/7M 
(Qty) Remarks 

--- Page 406 ---
PAGE | 313 
 
 
 
 
1 
Passenger 
Display Boards 
as per IS:16490 
or latest 
specifications 
 
4 (3 for 
7m Buses) 
Internal, Front, 
Left Side, and 
Rear (Internal, 
Front and Rear for 
7m Buses) 
2 Speaker 4  
3 Amplifier 1  
 
4 
 
Fully ITS 
compliant 
 
1 
As per IS:16490 
specifications and 
amendment 2 or 
latest. 
 
5 
 
DDU 
 
1 
As per IS:16833 
annexure C 
Amendment 2 or 
latest. 
 
 
 
 
6 
 
 
CCTV Camera 
with 4G/ 5G 
 
 
 
eSIM MNVR 
 
 
4 (3 for 
7m Buses) 
 
 
 
1 
Internal and 
External with 
minimum 15 days 
backup storage as 
per IS:16833 
annexure C 
4 or 8 channel 
minimum 2 TB 
NVR for 
recording 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   

--- Page 407 ---
PAGE | 314 
 
 
 
S No. Description Technical Specification 
   7 Panic Button Each row 
of the seat 
As per AIS:140 
Specifications 
 
 
8 
Camera based 
Passenger 
Counters 
 
2  
At each door as 
per the 
specifications in 
Annexure 1 below 
 

--- Page 408 ---
PAGE | 315 
 
 
 
ii. The ITS equipment installed in the buses should 
provide accuracy up to 5 meters. The Authority has the 
right to ask the Contractor to change the ITS system 
including but not limited to if the accuracy is not within 
the prescribed distance of actual location and if the 
system is not performing accurately. The Operator 
shall be responsible to change the entire system 
without any additional charge upon receipt of request 
from the Authority on such change. 
iii. All the equipment of the ITS shall be integrated to 
single control unit and the vehicle CAN Bus for 
transmitting the data to central ITMS. The Cost of such 
integration should be the responsibility of the 
Operator. 
iv. The operator is required to share vehicle health 
monitoring and diagnostics (VHMD) parameters 
through the bus CAN data on a real time basis with the 
Centralized ITMS. The following CAN parameters 
should be integrated to the ITS and capable of 
transmitting data at a frequency of 30 sec to a 
centralized ITMS server. 
1. Timestamp 
2. Odometer reading 
3. Vehicle Status 
4. SoC (State of Charge) 
5. SoH (State of Health) 
6. Speed 
7. Acceleration 
8. Voltage (pack and cell level) 
9. Current (pack and cell level) 
10. Power 
11. Charger Current 
12. Charger Voltage 
13. Ambient temperature 
14. Battery temperature 
15. Motor temperature 
16. BMS error/charging fault 
17. Motor, Battery Coolant Temperature 
v. The Authority shall provide all the route information 
to the Operator to upload into ITS in regular intervals. 
The Operator should make the required changes as 
and when provided by the Authority within 
seven (7) working days for the envisaged routes to be 
 

--- Page 409 ---
PAGE | 316 
 
 
  made operational. Information displayed in the PIS 
Boards should be dynamic and not static accounting for 
any route change or deviation from existing routes. 
vi. The Camera Based Passenger Counter shall be 
integrated to the SCU at the time of prototype approval, 
or delivery of the bus or as a date mutually agreed with 
the Authority. 
vii. Security Camera Network (CCTVs) minimum four 
numbers should meet the specification for IP based 
cameras and MNVR as per Detailed specification 
document IS 16833:2018 or latest CCTV system with 
integrated emergency System and built-in tracking 
system (with minimum 2-megapixel camera, SSD hard 
disc, 4G/5G, Wifi for data transfer). Real-time feed 
enabled at DDU and provision for integration with 
central ITMS. 
viii. Four (for 9m and 12m bus) hi-resolution CCTV 
cameras and one reverse camera to be installed in the 
e-buses. These hi- resolution CCTV cameras shall be 
installed each one facing towards front road view, 
one near to the passenger entrance door from inside 
facing towards driver seat, one above driver door 
from inside facing towards the passenger & facing 
exit door and fourth one near to the exit door from 
the inside facing towards passenger compartment. 
Three (for 7m buses) hi-resolution CCTV cameras and 
one reverse camera to be installed each one facing 
towards front road view, one facing towards driver seat 
and one inside facing towards the passengers for 7m 
buses. Operating temp is -10°C to 60°C. The camera 
should provide day/night functionality, automatically 
switches to night mode in low light scenes. Rear View 
Camera System to display the zone behind the vehicle 
shall be provided along with display on or near dash 
board. Cameras placement shall ensure effective visual 
coverage of both the entrance and exit doors. 
However, the placement of cameras may be finalized 
at the time of Prototype bus inspection. 
ix. The successful bidders shall ensure device level 
interoperability of the ITMS to be communicated by 
Authority.  
26 Safety related items:  
26.1 First Aid Box As per CMVR 
 
26.2 
Window guard rails (for Non-AC buses) 
As per CMVR and AIS 052 
 
 
26.3 
 
Fire extinguisher: 
As per AIS:052 & AIS:153 
26.4 Handrails minimum 
length*diameter*height 
above floor in mm 
Colour contrasting and slip resistant sleeves with MS 
tubing or as per OEM make of min. 32 mm dia, 3 mm thick/ 
powder coated/hammer 
toned rest as per AIS:052 

--- Page 410 ---
PAGE | 317 
 
 
S No. Description Technical Specification 
26.5  
Handholds: 
Colour contrasting and slip resistant/ powder 
coated. 2 to 4 numbers handholds per bay. 
Rest as per AIS:052 & AIS:46 
26.6 Stanchions: As per Manufacturer design. 
MS tubing or OEM make of min. 38 mm dia, 3 mm thick 
with colour contrasting PVC sleeves/ powder coated/ 
hammer toned. 
Rest as per AIS:052 
However, it is advised to install the Stanchion pipe from floor 
to the roof. 
26.7 Passengers stop request 
signal 
As per UBS – II  
  
26.8 Entrance/Exit Guard/Step 
well guard: 
As per AIS:052 
26.9 Emergency exit doors, 
warning devices etc: 
As per AIS:052, AIS: 153, CMVR 
26.10 Front/rear door, step well 
lights, door open sign, 
Buzzers 
As per AIS:052 
26.11 Towing device front/rear As per UBS II/ CMVR 
26.12 Warning triangle As per CMVR 
26.13 Fog lighting As per AIS:052/CMVR 
 
26.14 
 
Bumpers - front and rear 
FRP or steel or combination of both meeting requirement 
of an energy absorbing system. As per AIS:052. 
26.15 Passenger safety system Bus should move only when the doors are closed and the 
Bus doors should open only when the bus is completely 
brought to a halt. 
26.16 Reverse Parking Alert 
System (RPAS) 
As per CMVR 
27 Windows  
A Type of window As per AIS 052.  
Fixed (Pasted) glass windows for AC and Sliding glass 
windows for Non-AC bus.  
B Minimum height of window 
aperture (clear vision) in mm 
As per AIS:052 
 
C 
Clear vision includes 
partition between fixed and 
sliding glass subject to a 
maximum width of 100 mm 
As per AIS:052 
D Minimum height of upper 
edge of window aperture 
from bus floor 
 
As per AIS:052 
E Minimum width of windows 
(clear vision zone) 
As per AIS:052 
 
28 
 
Life cycle requirements of 
bus 
 12 years 
 
OEM to take responsibility of bus bodies as well as of 
chassis for the period of warranty assured period. 

--- Page 411 ---
PAGE | 318 
 
 
Operator to ensure refurbishment of vehicle after 6 years 
S No. Description Technical Specification 
29 Air conditioning system (HVAC 
to be provided according to 
Authority requirement)– 
test procedure for type approval 
Specifications, Target results, apparatus and procedure as 
per UBS II with both the conditions of 42 & 48 degrees. 
- Min. 20 kW for 7m, 
- Min. 26 kW for 9m, 
- Min. 34 kW for 12m 
A Air curtains on entry/exit 
gates to avoid loss/gain of 
heat and or cool air when 
doors are frequently opened 
for boarding/alighting of 
Passenger with min air flow 
of 
1000±50 m³/hr. at each gate. 
Type of air curtains at entry 
exit gates their power 
consumption etc. be 
accounted for while deciding 
Motor 
power, etc. 
Optional Fitment 
B Demister Optional Fitment 
30 Additional requirements  
 
 
30.1 
 
 
Air circulations and 
ventilation in driver's area 
As per AIS:052, An air passage/duct/roof hatch to be 
provided in driver area at a suitable location for proper 
inflow of air inside the driver cabin 
As per AIS:052, Drivers work area to be provided with 
AC vent or suitable device (200 mm diameter fan) to 
ensure proper ventilation. 
These devices may be capable of 3 – speed adjustment 
30.2 Interior noise and pass by 
noise 
As per IS:12832:2010 or latest and IS:3028:2018 or latest, 
AIS:20 and AIS:153 or latest respectively. 

--- Page 412 ---
PAGE | 319 
 
 
30.3 Destination boards Four Destination Board: Internal, Front, Side and Rear. 
(UV resistant) 
Alphanumeric Dual Display Technology Amber colour 
LED based electronic route display system in English and 
appropriate regional language of High Intensity 
illumination with automatic brightness control shall be 
installed at the front, rear and side of bus with GPS feed 
triggered display on internal display board and 
announcement of name of approaching bus-stop inside 
the bus. Destination boards should comply with IS:16490 
BIS standards. 
(As per AIS:153 and AIS:052) 
Information on a route and its final destination should be 
displayed outside the bus in large text, especially on the 
front and side of the bus. This information should be in 
bright contrasting color and be well illuminated by an 
external light to make it readable in the dark. 
The pitch of the LEDs shall be optimized to cover the 
maximum possible area along the length for displaying 
the maximum number of letters. 
The display shall be clearly visible in all weathers at a 
distance of up to 30 meters. 
 
For Inside Display: The micro- processor-based Signature 
of the announcement shall be made for both current and 
next bus stop/destination synchronized with the display 
alternatively in local and English language. The illumination 
system will be of modular display type. The display shall be 
mounted at an appropriate location and height in front 
portion of the bus for clear visibility to all passengers in the 
bus from all angles. 
 
Ingress Protection Grade of IP 65/55 for destination Boards 
 
 

--- Page 413 ---
 
 
S No. Description Technical Specification 
31 Paint/ color scheme Colour scheme as per STU/ requirement. The approval of 
design and shade of the paint be obtained from respective 
STU/City before painting. 
Exterior, interior colour schemes and logo/ graphics to be 
applied will be as notified by Public Transport Authority. 
The buses must be recognizable as environmentally friendly 
battery buses. 
All the structural members of the bus shall be treated for 
corrosion prevention internally as well as externally and 
painted wherever required. The Polyurethane (PU) 
painting conforming to BIS:13213-1991 or latest shall 
be used for exteriors painting of the bus including 
interiors wherever required. Colour shade shall match 
to the shades as per BIS:5-1978 or latest. In case of Matt 
black paint, the same shall be tested as per IS:13213-
1991 or latest except the gloss value should be up to 30 
units. 
A Logo Buses shall bear Logo and branding as provided by MHI. 
Logos shall be lodged onto the bus body as per the 
guidelines issued by MHI. 
32 Jack As per CMVR / bus manufacturer design 
33 Fire Detection & Alarm 
System (FDAS) / Fire Detection 
& Suppression System (FDSS) 
As per AIS:135 or as amended. 
34 Tool Kit As per CMVR 
35 GVW As per CMVR Rules & its amendments from time to time. 
36 Fire retardancy All bus body building material used inside the bus, should 
be fire retardant as per IS:15061:2002 or latest. 
 
 
  

--- Page 414 ---
 
 
Table 2: Technical specifications of Electric bus Compliant with the requirements of CMVR, AIS:052 (Type-I), AIS:153, UBS II and AIS:140 for 9m and 12m BRTS electric bus  
 
S No. Description Technical Specification 
1 Introduction The bus shall conform to the technical specifications mentioned in 
this Table 1 are applicable for following type of buses: 
 
1. 12m, 900 mm floor height AC Bus 
2. 9m, 900 mm floor height AC Bus 
For detailed characteristics, refer to clause 14 of Vol-2 of RfP 
 
i. The word “bus” shall also mean a bus powered exclusively by 
an Electric Motor whose traction energy is supplied 
exclusively by traction battery installed in the vehicle 
suitable for operations          in city conditions. 
ii. The bidder shall comply with all applicable Central, State and 
local laws (including Acts, Rules & Regulations). 
iii. In case of any mandatory standard/regulation related to 
buses is notified till commercial operation of the buses, the 
same shall be complied by the bidder. 
iv. The word “Bus” wherever it has been used in specifications 
means the “Battery Operated Bus”. The bus in general shall 
meat all applicable Central Motor Vehicle Rules, 1989 as 
amended (hereinafter referred to as “CMVR”), norms for 
safety applicable on the date of manufacture and Bus Code AIS 
052 and any revisions thereof [hereinafter called Bus Code] 
AIS-049, AIS-038 and AIS-153 all as amended  from time to time 
as also those related    to easy passenger accessibility including 
for Persons with Disabilities (PWDs) and all other norms and 
regulations on high voltage electric vehicles. 
v. Where there is conflict between the requirement as per any 
applicable law in force and the requirement emanating from 
these specifications whichever of these two is of superior/ 
higher standard shall prevail. Also, any specifications 
superior to the ones set out as Minimum Technical 
Specifications shall meet requirements of the contract. 
vi. The following mandatory provisions shall also be provided in 
the buses by the bidder, as per the applicable date notified by 
GoI: 
 Advance Emergency braking system(AEBS) & Vehicle 
stability function (VSF) will be effective. 
 Lane departure warning system (LDWS) will be effective 
 Driver Drowsiness and Attention Warning, Blind Spot 
Information and Moving Off Information System will be 
effective. 
 And any other mandatory features notified. 
 
vii. Bus Model shall be in compliance with CMVR & Bus Code and  
approved as per AIS: 052+AIS:153+ Annexure 3 of UBS II  
by any Indian Government approved testing agency like ARAI, 
ICAT, NATRaX, GARC etc. 

--- Page 415 ---
 
 
2 Statutory requirements The eBus shall be designed and manufactured in accordance with 
the latest CMVR requirements & AIS-052 Code of Practice for Bus 
Body Design & Approval [Bus Code], and UBS-II, AIS – 049, AIS – 
038 and AIS-153 all amended from time to time as also those 
related to easy passenger accessibility including for Persons with 
Disabilities (PWDs). 
 
eBus shall be Type Approved as per CMVR requirements 

--- Page 416 ---
 
 
 
 
 
3 
Electric propulsion 
system & its requirements. 
Electrically propelled system should design to meet “Code of practice for Electric Propulsion System” performance as per AIS 038 & AIS 049. 
 
Electric Propulsion system should propel the bus at GVW fitted 
with all other auxiliary devices and system including airconditioning. 
Electric propulsion system and other sub-system should be ableto operate efficiently at ambient temperatures / environmental 
Conditions in India 
 
 
 
4 
Type of Battery Bus Manufacturer should use advance new generation batteries. 
Battery should be certified as per AIS:038 Rev-02 as amended from 
time to time. 
 
Advance chemistry battery as defined by Ministry of Heavy Industry 
vide Notification No S.O. 1472(E) dated 28th March 2019, as amended 
from time to time. 
 
For Human Safety, Battery should also be certified with Office 
memorandum F.NO. 01(02) /2022 –AEI (20555) Dated 6th September 
2023 or as amended. 
 
 
 
 
5 
1. Battery Pack Rating 
and Energy/Power 
2. Minimum & Maximum 
Charging% 
3. Motor/s Capacity 
4. Charging standard 
5. Charging   standard
in high voltage system 
( i) No. of Motor(s) / Battery pack(s) as per Manufacturer’s design 
( ii) Location of motor and batteries as per Manufacturer’s 
design considering minimal maintenance and ease of 
charging 
(ii) Electric Regeneration is required 
( iv ) Charging Mode as per Manufacturer’s design. Charging Time 
less than 5 hours- overnight charging. 
( v )  Safety–Short circuit/ Over Temperature / Lightening 
Protection is mandatory. 
( v i) CCS 2.0- Combined Charging System. 
5.1 Battery Cooling System Liquid Cooling system. Battery Temperature to be maintained between 5 – 
45 degree C. 
5.2 Battery Life Battery to be used in mobility application upto 80% SoH. OEMs to 
replace battery when SoH falls below 80%. 
5.3 Battery Charging System DC fast charging by CCS 2.0; Bus charging infrastructure to comply with 
guidelines No. 12/2/2018-EV dated 17th September 2024 or latest as 
issued by Ministry of Power, Government of India, as amended from time 
to time. 
 
 
5.4 
 
 
Electric Drive Motors 
Optimal Rating, Type, Make, Model of Electric Drive Motors 
with minimum maintenance. 
Motor should be able to operate efficiently at ambient 
temperatures of approximately  (-10) to 50 degrees 
centigrade, humidity level from 5% to 100%. 

--- Page 417 ---
 
 
 
 
5.5 
Electric propulsion 
system motor rating / 
power sufficient to 
provide Rated 
Performance at GVW in 
Stop/ Start In Urban 
Operation: 
 
5.6 Protection Function An advance BMS should be integrated to battery pack to monitor the minimum 
following parameters of battery: 
(a) Overcharge or discharge protection 
(b) Over Current Protection 
(c) High and Low voltage protection 
(d) High and Low temperature protection 
(e) State of charge and battery health 
 
a 
Rated Performance 
at GVW in Stop/ 
Start in Urban 
Operation 
Maximum rated speed should meet the requirement as per CMVR 
b. Acceleration (Meter / 
Sec.²) minimum 
≥0.8 
c. Bus Speed of 0 – 30 kmph 
in Seconds. 
≤10.5 seconds 
 
d. 
 
Maximum Speed 
Maximum speed without speed limiter to be as per CMVR 
Maximum speed with speed limiter to be 50 kmph as it is 
mandatory for BRTS operations as per direction of Hon’ble High 
Court of Gujarat 
e. Minimum Grade ability 
from Stop at GVW 17% 
 
f. 
Rated HP/torque 
preferably at lower 
rpm range 
Rated HP at low rpm and Maximum torque required at lower range of motor RPM and spread over a wider range of RPM 
Sufficient torque to meet the acceleration, gradeability, AC and 
range requirement. 
 
g. 
Power requirements for 
Air conditioning system 
ITS, etc 
Required to be provided by traction battery of electric propulsion 
system 
 
 
h. 
Energy Consumption of e- 
Bus when tested as per AIS 
039 (latest revision) with 
AC ON condition (Annual 
Average) 
12 m AC: 1.3 kWh/km 
9 m AC: 1.0 kWh/km 
Note: 
Measurement shall be carried out at Gross Vehicle Weight (GVW) and AC in 
operation (set temperature 24 ± 4 deg C) 
5.6 Pass bye noise norms As per CMVR & AIS:052 
6  
Operational safety 
Transmission system to be fitted with a mechanism which makes it possible to engage reverse gear only when vehicle is stationary 
7  Bus Axles  
7.1 Front Axle As per manufacturers design / CMVR 

--- Page 418 ---
 
 
 
7.2 
 
Rear Axle 
As per manufacturers design / CMVR 
8 Suspension (Front & Rear) Air suspension at Front & Rear 
8.1 Anti-roll bars/stabilizers As per UBS – II, 
Required at front and rear 
Optional in case of independent suspension 
8.2 Shock absorbers Hydraulic double acting 2 at front & 2/4 at rear 
8.3 Controls (optional) Electronically controlled air suspension system 
9 Steering Power steering with height and angle adjustment. As per 
manufacturers design. 
10 Transmission Automatic Transmission, as per manufacturers design 
11 Brakes As per manufacturers design 
 
 
11.1 
 
 
Braking system 
Mandatory ABS with Disc at front and Drum at rear OR disc brake 
at front and rear. 
In case of Brake Failure provision should made for 
obtaining effectiveness of service brake 
Graduated hand controlled, spring actuated parking brakes 
acting on rear wheels. 
Electrical Regeneration is required 
12 Electrical system for 
auxiliary devices 24V DC 
 
12.1 
Batteries (ancillaries 
equipment and light 
and light signaling 
devices) 
Low maintenance type leads acid batteries for 24 V & Min 
100Ah system- performances as per BIS: 14257- 1995 (latest). 
 
12.2 
Electrical wiring & 
controls -type 
Multiplexing type -- As per UBS-II and AIS 153. Dust and water ingress protection conforming to IP67. 
 
13 
Speed limiting device Electronic type duly approved /certified as per AIS – 018/2001 or latest, tamper proof and be adjusted to applicable speed limit 
14 Tyres Steel Radial Tube-less. Size and performance as per CMVR/IS. 
15 Charging range The minimum range on single charge: 
(i) 200 kms (at 80% SoC) for 12 m bus 
(ii) 180 kms (at 80% SoC) for 9 m bus,  
duly certified as per AIS 040 standard by testing agency as per 
CMVR rule 126 along with Type Approval certificate at GVW and 
additional AC load along with all system operations. 
 
One opportunity fast charging of up to 45 minutes (depot-in, depot-
out basis or at any terminal) is allowed for operation upto 225 Kms 
for 9m and upto 250 kms for 12m bus. 
16 Bus characteristics 12- Meter 9- Meter 

--- Page 419 ---
 
 
A Overall length (excluding 
bumper) 
11500 mm to 12500 mm 8800 mm to 9500 mm 
 
B 
Overall width (sole 
bar/floor level- 
extreme 
points) 
As per CMVR As per CMVR 
C Overall height (unladen - 
at extreme point) As per CMVR As per CMVR 
D Floor Height above 
ground 900 mm 900 mm 
E Wheelbase 
As per UBS II As per UBS II 
 F 
 Front Overhang 
As per CMVR and AIS:052 
 
G Rear Overhang As per CMVR  
16.1 Maximum turning circle 
radius (mm) 
As per CMVR 
16.2 Clearances (mm)  
A Minimum Axle 
clearance (mm) 
165 mm 
 
B 
 
Wheel area clearance 
(mm) 
> 220 mm for parts fixed to bus body &> 170 mm for the parts moving vertically with axle. 
 
C 
Minimum ground 
clearance (un-kneeled) 
at 
GVW 
Within the wheelbase not less than 240mm. 
16.3 Angles (degrees)  
A Angle of approach 
(unladen) 
As per UBS II/ CMVR 
B Angle of departure 
(unladen) 
As per UBS II/ CMVR 
C Ramp over angle (half of 
break-over angle) 
As per UBS II/ CMVR 
17 Bus Gates/Doors (Passenger 
Doors, Driver door & 
Emergency Exit & Door)  
Entry and exit Door: Power operated passenger door, JK type/ In-
Swing door as per manufacturer design. 
- 2 nos. on driver side and 2 nos. on the near side / non-driver side. 
Driver Door as per CMVR/AIS:052, 
Emergency Exits as per CMVR/AIS:052 & AIS:153 
 
A 
Operating mechanism Passenger Door: Power operated Electro pneumatically controlled 
Driver Door: Manually Operated 
 B 
Maximum opening / 
closing time in seconds per operation 
 
4 Seconds 
C Positions of door             controls 
On dashboard and also inside & outside of doors as per AIS 052 

--- Page 420 ---
 
 
 
 
D 
Passenger safety system – allowing bus motion on doors closing and doors opening only when the bus is stopped 
 
Mandatory 
E Door Components/Door 
Locks/Locking 
system/door hinges/Door 
retention 
As per AIS:052 
F Location of Entry / exit gates on driver side (off- side)– within wheelbase 
Location on off- side/driver side/ BRTS door (to match height of station platform without steps and synchronize with the centre- 
line of doors at BRTS Stations) 
G Entry/Exit door – between wheels (near side/non driver side): Options with regard to location of the doors to be provided by the Selected Bus Operator/ OEM.  17.1 Service doors – Requirement As per AIS:052 & AIS:153 
A Minimum door aperture 
(without flaps) in mm 
 
As per AIS:052 
B Minimum clear door width 
(fully opened) in mm 
As per AIS:052 
C Minimum door height in mm As per AIS:052 
D Positioning front & Rear 
service door 
As per AIS:052 
E Number of gates - 2 nos. on driver side and 2 nos. on the near side / non-driver side. 
 
F Fixed partition between  gates on driver side– full height 
The Bus operator to provide options for fixed partition                   after accommodating required width of BRTS doors and seating  arrangement as per the requirement of the RfP 
G Width of partition in 
mm (driver side) 
400 (maximum) 
H Location of partitions 
between exit and entry   gates on both sides.  
Vertical center line of the partition is within the wheel base 
I Positioning doors with 
respect to partition 
One on each side of partition 
17.2 Door closing requirements 
for bus movement 
Bus should move only after closing of doors 
A Power operated service door 
- construction & control 
system of a power operated 
service door to be such that 
a Passenger is unlikely to be 
injured/trapped between the 
As per AIS:052 

--- Page 421 ---
 
 
doors while closing 
17.3 Step height (mm) from 
ground - unladen position in 
buses 
As per AIS:052,  
17.4 Provisions of wheelchair for 
Persons with Disability 
(PwD) 
As per AIS:153, 100% of the total Bus fleet in city  
A Requirement for passengers 
with reduced mobility 
As per AIS:153, AIS:052 
B Wheelchair anchoring As per AIS:153, AIS:052, UBS-II 
C Priority seats - minimum 2 
seats 
As per AIS:153, AIS:052 
D 
Stop request As per AIS:153, AIS:052 
E Emergency door /exists or 
Apertures 
As per AIS:153, AIS:052 
Emergency Exit (Door/Window) should be provided for PwD near to 
Wheelchair location. Safety and proper movement of PwD should be 
considered. 
F Other Technical requirement As per AIS:153, AIS:052 
 
Push button, Stop request button on stanchions. The push button of an 
alighting buzzers should be clearly visible: of adequate size and display 
the information in Braille/raised numbers as well. 
Location of wheelchair space shall be clearly highlighted marked and 
should be visible using the standard symbols for wheelchair accessibility. 
 
18 Bus design  
18.1 Design type approval As per CMVR, AIS;052 + AIS:153  
  OEM is allowed to use any corrosion resistant material as per UBS II, 
AIS:052, AIS:153, provided that the design integrity is validated using 
suitable Finite Element Analysis (FEA) for the operating environment of the 
Buses. 
Exterior panels: as per OEM design 18.2 Insulation As per AIS:052, FR grade material as per IS 15061 
A Roof and side FR Grade material glass wool, PU foam or thermocol: As per AIS:052. 
 B Battery Pack 
compartment 
18.3 Floor type/Materials etc.  
A Type of Floor As per AIS:052. 
B Steps on floor As per AIS:052. 
C Maximum floor slope As per AIS:052 

--- Page 422 ---
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
D 
 
 
 
Floor surface material 
Minimum 15 mm (12 Metre Bus) and minimum 12 mm (9 Metre thickness 
phenolic resin bonded densified laminated compressed wooden floorboard 
(both side plain surface) having density of 0.95 - 1.25 gms/cc conforming to 
IS 3513 (Part- 3): type VI 1989 or latest. 
The flooring should be marine board as per BIS:710-1976/ latest and fire 
retardant as per BIS:5509-2000 (IS15061:2002). The chequered 
plywood minimum 15mm (12 Metre Bus) and minimum 12 mm (9 Metre 
Bus) thick is also allowed as per the relevant standard for the quality 
and fire resistance/flammability 
 
E 
 
Anti – skid material 
3 mm thick anti-skid type silicon grains ISO 877/76 for color, IS:15061:2002 for FR grade. 
18.4 Safety glasses and 
fittings:  
 
A 
Front windscreen 
(laminated) glass: 
Single piece laminated safety glass, plain, flat/curved with curved corners with PVB film IS 2553 (Part-2) 2019latest. Standard designs for each model of buses to be followed 
B Laminated Glass Specifications 
Min Thickness of 7.76 mm with clear Interlayer 
 
C Rear windscreen: 
(wherever provided) 
Single piece flat/curved toughened glass- plain/flat/curved 
at centre & curved at corners 
 
D 
Side windows: AC Bus- Single piece flat /curved pasted toughened glass  
Non AC bus- Sliding type window with toughened glass 
 
E 
Side Window /Rear 
Windshield Glass specifications 
Toughened glass IS:2553 (Part-2) 2019 latest revision 
Thickness = 5 mm 
 
F 
Other glasses - material specs, thickness etc. (If 
Provided). 
Toughened as per IS:2553 (Part-2) 2019 latest revision of 
Thickness  5 mm 
18.5 Driver Seat As per AIS:023 and AIS:052 
A Performance & strength 
requirements of Driver Seat As per AIS:023 
B Driver’s working space As per AIS:052 
C Driver seat belt & anchorage 
duly type approved. 
ELR recoil type, 3 point mounting as per CMVR & 
AIS:052 conforming to AIS:005 & AIS:015 
18.6 Passenger Seat and Layout As per AIS-023 and AIS-052 
A Performance & strength 
requirements passenger Seat As per AIS:023 
B  
 
 
 
Passenger Seat 
Type Approved Seats & seating layout as per bus code ‘PP- LD’ 
(Polypropylene Low Density)/ LDPE (Low Density Polyethylene) moulded 
construction, with moulded flame retardant Polyurethane (PU) cushion for 
seat & back rest meeting the performance requirements of AIS:023 and other 
requirements as per the AIS:052 for Type I application. 
 
Flammability of passenger seat components as per IS: 15061:2002 amended 
from time to time 

--- Page 423 ---
 
 
The gangway shall be as per UBS-II 
C Passengers seat belt 
Number and Location 
As per AIS:052, Mandatory to provide at seats on wheel 
arch (if applicable), opposite to service door and middle seat of last row 
wherever required. 
D Seat layout in Floor area 2X2 as per AIS:052  
E Minimum seating capacity For wheelchair compatible buses: 
i. For 12-meter bus (33 seats + 1 wheelchair + Driver), 
ii. For 9-meter bus (25 seats + 1 wheelchair + Driver) 
F Standee Passenger As per AIS:052 
G Seat area/seat space per 
Passenger (width*depth) mm 
As per AIS:052 
H Seat pitch - minimum (mm) As per AIS:052 
I Minimum backrest height- 
from floor to top of seat/ 
headrest 
As per AIS:052 
J Seat back rest & height mm Fixed Type seat and Height as per AIS:052 
K Seat base height-distance 
from floor to horizontal 
front upper seat cushion. 
As per AIS:052 
L Free height over seating 
position 
As per AIS:052 
M Seat base height: As per AIS:052, AIS:023 
N Torso angle As per AIS:052 
O Clearance space for seated 
Passenger facing partition 
As per AIS:052 
P Seat Arm Seat arm required for aisle seats and seats opposite to 
service door and above wheel arches. 
Q Upholstery: FR grade Pile Fabric/ Jacquard/Vinyl coated fabric or superior 0.8-1.0 mm 
thick 
R Side Facing seat location AIS:052 
S Seat belts & their anchorage As per AIS:052 
19 Rear view mirrors As per CMVR 
A Mirrors right/left side 
exterior/interior 
As per AIS:001 & 002 and CMVR. 
20 Escape Hatch/Ventilator on 
Floor /Roof 
As per AIS:052 & AIS:153 
21 Corrosion prevention & 
painting As per AIS:052 
22 Wind screen wiping 
system : 
As per CMVR, IS:15802-2018 or Latest 

--- Page 424 ---
 
 
A Wiper motor: 
B Wiper arm/Wiper blade 
Washing system 
23 Electrical system As per CMVR, AIS:052 & AIS:153. 
 
23.1 Electrical cables: 
 
23.2 
 
Conductor cross section 
The Bus shall have multiplex wiring system. All wiring shall be as per the 
provision of AIS:052, shall be fire retardant conforming to IS:2465-1984 or 
latest and safety requirements as provided in CMVR. 
 
Copper conductors with fire retardant as per IS/ISO:6722:2006 or latest 
revision as per appropriate class. Conductor x-sec varying as per circuit 
requirements, minimum cross section 0.5 sq mm. It should be compliance 
with BIS/DIN or equivalent or better. 
23.3 Safety requirements of 
electrical: 
 
 A 
Fuse As per AIS 052 – fuse of rated current 1.5 times the load current of electrical equipment. Necessary in every electrical circuit 
 
 
B 
Isolation switches for electrical circuits where RMS value of voltage 
exceeds 100 volts 
As per AIS 052 
 
Battery cut off (Total Three) 
- One manual near driver seat 
- One electronic on driver Dashboard area 
-One at the rear compartment. C Location of cables 
away from heat sources 
 
 D 
Type approval of 
circuit diagram as per standards related to electric equipment’s /wiring 
E Battery cut - off switch 
(Isolator switch): 
F Cable insulation with respect to heat 
As per AIS 052 
23.4 Lighting - internal & 
external and illumination 
All lights including interiors should be 
LED Head Lights as per CMVR. 
Other information as per AIS 052 and AIS 153 
23.5 Illumination 
requirements/performanc
e 
of: 
 
A Dash board tell-tale 
lighting/control lighting 
As per AIS 052  
 
B 
Cabin lighting - luminous 
flux of all lamps for 
cabin                       lighting 
As per AIS 052 

--- Page 425 ---
 
 
 
C 
Passenger area lighting - 
luminous flux of all lamps 
for Passenger area lighting 
As per AIS 052 
24 ITS enabled bus i. The Contractor shall procure buses as defined by the Authority 
which shall also include various but not limited to ITS System 
as defined in AIS 153, AIS 140 Specifications and any 
amendments issued thereof. Some of the equipment’s and 
their quantities are listed below: 
 
Specifically, requirements but not limited to, include: 
 
Sr. 
No 
Type 
of Equipment 
12/9 m Remarks 
(Qty) 
1 
Passenger Display 
Boards as per 
IS:16490 or latest 
specifications 
4 Internal, Front, Left Side, and 
Rear  
2 Speaker 4   
3 Amplifier 1   
4 Fully ITS compliant 1 As per IS:16490 specifications 
and amendment 2 or latest. 
5 DDU 1 As per IS:16833 annexure C 
Amendment 2 or latest. 
6 CCTV Camera with 
4G/ 5G 4 
Internal and External with 
minimum 15 days backup storage 
as per IS:16833 
annexure C 
4 or 8 channel 
minimum 2 TB NVR for 
recording 
7 Panic Button Each row of 
the seat 
As per AIS:140 
Specifications 

--- Page 426 ---
 
 
8 
Camera based 
Passenger 
Counters 
  
2 
At each door as per the 
specifications in Annexure 
1 below 
 
ii. The ITS equipment installed in the buses should provide 
accuracy up to 5 meters. The Authority has the right to ask the 
Contractor to change the ITS system including but not limited to 
if the accuracy is not within the prescribed distance of actual 
location and if the system is not performing accurately. The 
Operator shall be responsible to change the entire system without 
any additional charge upon receipt of request from the Authority 
on such change. 
iii. All the equipment of the ITS shall be integrated to single control 
unit and the vehicle CAN Bus for transmitting the data to central 
ITMS. The Cost of such integration should be the responsibility 
of the Operator. 
iv. The operator is required to share vehicle health monitoring and 
diagnostics (VHMD) parameters through the bus CAN data on a 
real time basis with the Centralized ITMS. The following CAN 
parameters should be integrated to the ITS and capable of 
transmitting data at a frequency of 30 sec to a centralized ITMS 
server. 
1. Timestamp 
2. Odometer reading 
3. Vehicle Status 
4. SoC (State of Charge) 
5. SoH (State of Health) 
6. Speed 
7. Acceleration 
8. Voltage (pack and cell level) 
9. Current (pack and cell level) 
10. Power 
11. Charger Current 
12. Charger Voltage 
13. Ambient temperature 
14. Battery temperature 
15. Motor temperature 
16. BMS error/charging fault 
17. Motor, Battery Coolant Temperature 
v.   The Authority shall provide all the route information to the 
Contractor to upload into the ITS in regular intervals. The 
Operator should make the required changes as and when provided by 
the Authority within seven (7) working days for the envisaged routes 
to be made operational. Information displayed in the PIS Boards should be 
dynamic and not static accounting for any route change or deviation from 
existing routes.  

--- Page 427 ---
 
 
vi. The Camera Based Passenger Counter shall be integrated to the SCU at 
the time of prototype approval, or delivery of the bus or as a date 
mutually agreed with the Authority. 
vii. Security Camera Network (CCTVs) minimum four numbers should 
meet the specification for IP based cameras and MNVR as per 
Detailed specification document IS 16833:2018 or latest CCTV 
system with integrated emergency System and built-in tracking 
system (with minimum 2-megapixel camera, SSD hard disc, 4G/5G, 
Wifi for data transfer). Real-time feed enabled at DDU and provision 
for integration with central ITMS. 
viii. Four hi-resolution CCTV cameras and one reverse camera to be 
installed in the e-buses. These hi- resolution CCTV cameras shall be 
installed each one facing towards front road view, one near to the 
passenger entrance door from inside facing towards driver seat, one 
above driver door from inside facing towards the passenger and 
facing exit door and fourth one near to the exit door from the inside 
facing towards passenger compartment. Operating temp is -10°C to 
60°C. The camera should provide day/night functionality, 
automatically switches to night mode in low light scenes. Rear View 
Camera System to display the zone behind the vehicle shall be 
provided along with display on or near dashboard.  Camera’s 
placement shall ensure effective visual coverage of both the entrance 
and exit doors. However, the placement of cameras may be finalized at 
the time of prototype bus inspection.  
The successful bidders shall ensure device level interoperability of the 
ITMS to be communicated by Authority or any of its nominated agencies 
in due course.  25 Safety related items:  
25.1 First Aid Box As per provision of CMVR, AIS-052 
25.2 Fire extinguisher: As per AIS:052 & AIS:153 
 
 
25.4 
Handrails minimum 
length*diameter*height 
above floor in mm 
Colour contrasting and slip resistant sleeves with MS tubing  or as 
per OEM make of minimum 32 mm dia, 3 mm thick/ powder coated/Hammer toned.  Rest as per AIS 052 
25.5  
Handholds: 
Colour contrasting and slip resistant/ powder coated. 2 to 4 
numbers handholds per bay. 
Rest as per AIS:052 & AIS:46 
25.6 Stanchions: As per Manufacturer design. 
MS tubing or OEM make of minimum 38 mm dia, 3 mm thick with 
colour contrasting PVC sleeves/ powder coated/ hammer toned. 
Rest as per AIS:052 
It is advised to install the Stanchion pipe from the floor to bus roof. 
25.7 Passengers stop request 
signal 
As per UBS – II  
25.8 Window guardrails: As per AIS 052 (for Non-AC buses) 
25.9 Entrance/Exit Guard/Step 
well guard: 
800 mm minimum height extending ≥ 100 mm more than centre 
line of sitting position of the Passenger. As per AIS 052.  

--- Page 428 ---
 
 
25.10 Emergency exit doors, 
warning devices etc: 
As per AIS 052/CMVR 
25.11 Front/rear door, step well 
lights, door open sign, Buzzers 
As per AIS 052 
25.12 Towing device front/rear As per UBS II / CMVR 
of Bus. 
25.13 Warning triangle As per AIS 052/CMVR 
25.14 Fog lighting As per AIS 052/CMVR 
25.15  
Bumpers - front and rear 
FRP or steel or combination of both meeting requirement of an 
energy absorbing system. As per CMVR and AIS 052. 
 
25.16 
Passenger safety system Mandatory allowing bus motion on doors closing and doors opening only when the bus is stopped 
26 Windows  
A Type of window As per AIS 052. Fixed glass windows for AC bus. 
 
B 
Minimum height of 
window aperture 
(clear 
vision)* in mm 
As per AIS 052 
 
 C 
Clear vision includes partition between fixed and sliding glass 
subject to a maximum width of 100 mm 
As per AIS 052 
 
D 
Minimum height of upper edge of window aperture 
from bus floor 
 
As per AIS 052 
 
E 
Minimum width of windows (clear vision 
zone) 
As per AIS 052 
 
27 
Life cycle requirements 
of bus (whichever is 
earlier) 
12 years  
  OEM to take responsibility of bus bodies as well as of chassis for the period of warranty assured period. OEM to ensure 
refurbishment of vehicle in 6 years 
 
28 
Air conditioning system 
(HVAC to be provided 
according to Authority 
request in colder cities)– 
test procedure for type 
approval 
Specifications, Target results, apparatus and procedure as per UBS II. 
 -    Min. 34 kw for 12m 
- Min. 26 kW for 9m 

--- Page 429 ---
 
 
A Air curtains on entry/exit gates to avoid loss/gain of heat and or cool air when doors are frequently opened for boarding/alighting of Passenger with min air flow of 
1000±50 m³/hr. at each gate. Type of air curtains at entry exit gates their power consumption etc. be accounted for while deciding Motor power, etc. 
 
 
Optional Fitment 
B Demister Optional Fitment 
29 Additional requirements  
29.1 Air circulations and 
ventilation in driver's area 
An air passage/duct/roof hatch to be provided in driver area at a suitable location for proper inflow of air inside the driver cab 
  
Drivers work area to be provided with blower or suitable device (200 mm diameter fan) to ensure proper ventilation. 
These devices may be capable of 3 – speed adjustment 
29.2 Interior noise and pass by noise 
shall conform to IS: 12832:2010 or latest and IS: 3028:2018 or latest, AIS 20, AIS 153 or latest respectively. 
30  
Destination boards 
Four Destination Board: Internal, Front, Side and Rear. 
(UV resistant) 
 
Alphanumeric Dual Display Technology Amber colour LED 
based electronic route display system in English and 
appropriate regional language of High Intensity illumination 
with automatic brightness 
control shall be installed at the front, rear and side of bus with 
GPS feed triggered display on internal display board and 
announcement of name of approaching bus-stop inside the bus. 
Destination boards should comply with IS 16490 BIS standards. 
(As per AIS-153 and AIS-052) 
 
Information on a route and its final destination should be displayed outside the bus in large text, especially on the front and side of the bus. This information should be in bright contrasting color and be well illuminated by an external light to make it readable in the dark. 
The pitch of the LEDs shall be optimized to cover the maximum possible area along the length for displaying the maximum number of letters. 
The display shall be clearly visible in all weathers at a distance of up to 50 meters. 

--- Page 430 ---
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
For Inside Display: The micro- processor-based Signature of the announcement shall be made for both current and next bus stop/destination synchronized with the display alternatively in local and English language. The illumination system will be of modular display type. The display shall be mounted at an appropriate location and height in the front portion of the bus for clear visibility to all passengers in the bus from all angles. 
Ingress Protection Grade of IP 65/55 for destination Boards 
31 Paint Colour scheme as per City requirement. The approval of design and shade of the paint be obtained from respective STU before painting. 
All the structural members of the bus shall be treated for corrosion 
prevention internally as well as externally and painted wherever 
required. The Polyurethane (PU) painting conforming to BIS: 
13213- 1991 or latest shall be used for exteriors painting of the 
bus including interiors wherever required. Colour shade shall 
match to the shades as per BIS: 5-1978 or latest. In case of Matt 
black paint, the same shall be 
tested as per IS: 13213-1991 or latest except the gloss value should 
be up to 30 units. 
3 
Colour Scheme Colour scheme as per  City  requirement. The approval of design 
and shade of the paint be obtained from respective STU before 
painting. Exterior, interior colour schemes and logo/ graphics to 
be applied will be as notified by Public Transport Authority. The 
buses must be recognizable as environmentally friendly battery 
buses. 
32 Jack As per CMVR & bus code AIS052 
33 Fire Detection & alarm 
System (FDAS) / Fire 
Detection & Suppression 
System (FDSS) 
As per AIS -135 or as amended.   
34 Tool Kit As per CMVR & bus code AIS052 
35 GVW As per CMVR Rules & its amendments from time to time. 
36 Fire retardancy All material used inside the bus, should be fire retardant as per IS 
15061:2002 
37 Logo Buses shall bear Logo and branding as provided by MHI. Logos shall be 
lodged onto the bus body as per the guidelines issued by MHI. 

--- Page 431 ---
 
 
Notes: 
I. The Bidder shall submit Technical Specification of Components/Systems of Electric Propulsion system 
and submit the test certificate for these components as per the prescribed standards from the notified 
testing agencies like ICAT, ARAI, G A R C ,  N A T R A X  etc. 
II. All electrical wiring harness and accessories used on electric bus shall comply necessary automotive safety 
standards amended from time to time. 
III. All units & electrical accessories and wiring harnesses used on the bus shall be so mounted that they are 
easily accessible and can be removed without disturbing other components. Further these accessories and 
wiring harnesses shall be well protected to prevent ingress of water. 
 
IV. Mandatory Certification Compliance and acceptance tests for Safety Components, Batteries, Buses and 
Requirements for Battery Charging Infrastructure Systems etc. by competent authority to be obtained. 
V. The Bidder shall ensure the fitment of all electric propulsion system components on the bus confirming to 
National/International Standards. 
VI. The Bidder shall undertake type approval testing of Traction Batteries pack fitted on the bus as per CMVR 
notified standard amended from time to time and submit copy of Approved certificate. 
VII. The Buses shall meet all the above technical specification requirements. The buses shall be deemed 
satisfactory for operation only after the buses meet all the requirements prescribed above. 
VIII. The Bidder shall monitor the operation of these Buses and sort out the operational issues, if any. 
 
IX. The Bidder shall ensure safe & successful operation of these buses. In case of breakdown in these vehicle 
systems or battery charging infrastructure system, the Bidder shall immediately rectify the defects / replace 
parts and make the Buses, vehicle systems or charging system operational as the case may be. 
X. Bus manufacturer needs to provide lifetime warranty for the battery, electric motor, and controller. Smaller 
repairs to be resolved in six hours while system faults with battery, electric motor and controller have to 
be corrected within 48 hours. The warranty also requires the manufacturers to replace batteries when the 
state of health (SOH) falls below 80 percent. The bidder shall provide quarterly reports on the SoH of 
battery packs of each bus. This will be measured at the charger level or by a certified Ammeter by the 
energy (measured Ah) uptake of the battery packs while charging from 25% to 100% SoC. The relative 
deterioration of energy uptake of the battery packs will be used to determine the SoH of the battery to be 
calculated at energy uptake in quarter (kWh)/ energy uptake in first quarter post COD. 
XI. Manufacturers need to meet high safety standards for battery packs. These standards include a protection 
level that is no less than IP67—which represents a high water and dustproof battery pack—and satisfactory 
operation safety in extreme temperatures ranging from 0 to 65°C. 
XII. Bidder to submit the CMVR type approval certificate for the allocated bus at the time of prototype bus 
inspection to the respective cities. 
XIII. Operator to ensure refurbishment of vehicle after 6 years from the date of commercial operation date 
(COD). Refurbishment of buses to be in best conditions with completion of all missing components, proper 
working of major aggregates/ assemblies/ sub-assemblies, replacement of damaged body panels, 
replacement of cushions of passenger seats, flooring, structural members etc. the refurbishment of buses 
is required to be completed within window of 1 year i.e., before competition of seventh year from the date 

--- Page 432 ---
 
 
of COD. During the refurbishment period, curtail of operations schedule by 5% is allowed. The technical 
team will inspect the buses before put in services after refurbishment of the bus, if the bus is found not 
refurbished in near to showroom condition, such Bus will not be permitted for the operations. 
XIV. Camera Based Passenger Counting System should be Bi – Directional Counting on a Definable Line 
(Polygon), Variable position of counting lines, Adaptation to on-site requirement, No Double Counting, 
Automatic Compensation for interference from swinging and sliding doors, It should also have real-Time 
Video Streaming or recording of video files to external storage media, Start and Stop function via door 
contact, No interference with other functions. The system shall achieve  
minimum 95% counting accuracy. The system should be integrated through ITS to the backend 
of the System(s) of the Authority. The cost of such integration shall be the responsibility of the 
Bidder during the Contract Period. 
XV. Camera Based Passenger Counting System should generate Total Passenger Report- A basic report to 
analyze passenger counts on a single vehicle only. Time resolution shall be by day, week, month or year. 
Option to select a range of dates shall also be available; default time interval shall be by day with 
maximum 90day resolution allowed. Report output shall be displayed on screen as tabular, chart or both. 
Export feature shall be of the tabular output only, downloadable as a CSV file. 
XVI. Integration to Existing ITMS/AFC System: Bidder shall provide the complete ITS system as specified 
herein above in the Buses. The Operator needs to provide necessary AC / DC power arrangement near 
the gates of the buses as per the best industry practices. The bidder shall also ensure to supply equipment 
compatible with existing ITS System of Authority so as to enable smooth integration. Bidder is 
responsible for regular maintenance ITS equipment installed by throughout the Contract Period. The 
Contractor and Authority agree to share interfacing protocols and Active Programming Interface with 
each other for smooth integration of the ITS equipment provided by Bidder to the Authority’s ITMS. The 
Authority can mount any equipment in the Buses provided by the Bidder at its own cost and the Bidder 
shall be responsible for the safety and security of such equipment during the Contract Period. 
XVII. The ITS components shall be factory-fitted and fully operational, ensuring seamless plug-and-play 
readiness upon commissioning. 
XVIII. All lab test reports including fire retardancy test reports for the items/components shall be lot wise tested, 
ensuring that the test reports shall be not more than six (6) months old at the time of prototype bus 
inspection. The bidder shall ensure compliance with this requirement. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 433 ---
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

--- Page 434 ---
 
 
Annexure 1 
Camera Based Passenger Counter Specification & Functionality 
 
A. Feature and Functionality 
1. The APC (Automatic Person Counting) system shall use ceiling mounted stereovision cameras giving a 
3D representation of the count zone. 
2. The APC sensors shall be connected in a serial daisy chain or parallel wired star format. 
3. There should be no impact on accuracy due to bad lighting. The APC should count with the light of up to 30 LUX, with no shadow influence. 
 
4. The Ethernet connector on the device should of Industrial Grade like M12 connector. 
5. Power Supply should be 24V DC 
6. The power consumption of the device should be less than 5 watts. 
7. Aperture angle should be greater than 100° 
8. APC should be able to monitor area of up to 4 x 4 meter 
9. The APC should be Configurable and versatile based on the vehicle type. 
10. The APC shall have the capacity to retain count data for a minimum of 30 days either onboard or offboard 
to an external storage media or cloud based servers. 
11. In the event of interrupted power to the APC sensors, no counting data shall be lost. 
12. The APC system has to give a control video via Ethernet to control the entrance area (door free). 
13. The APC system has to support the storage and the verification of control videos and of counting results 
to control the accuracy of the system in an offline state. 
14. The APC sensor shall determine the count result via onboard processing. The real time video streaming or 
recording of video files to external storage media shall be made available to the Authority and integration 
of real time streaming through the OBITS with the backend of the Authority system(s) is the responsibility 
of the bidder. 
15. All count results shall be time-stamped via a synchronized onboard real-time clock. The operator shall 
provide passenger reports based on daily, weekly and monthly passenger counts at single vehicle, route 
and fleet level with the option of downloading data as a CSV file format. 
16. The APC should eliminate the counts resulting from partial passages and motion reversals 
17. Automatic passenger counter should be able to detect passenger in both direction ie bi – Directional 
Counting on a Definable Line (Polygon), variable position of counting lines, adaptation to on-site 
requirement, no double counting, with automatic compensation for interference from swinging and sliding 
doors 
18. The Automatic Passenger counter should be fixed at the gate of the bus and should be vandal 
resistant. 

--- Page 435 ---
 
PAGE | 342  
 
B. Technical Specifications – Specifications and Integration 
 
1. An additional onboard computer or OBITS shall provide a communication 
interface to the APC sensor network. 
2. All APC sensors shall be accessible from the additional onboard computer or OBITS. 
3. The additional onboard computer or OBITS shall provide the user with a 
software interface to monitor the health of the counting system. 
4. The additional onboard computer or OBITS shall provide an Internet 
connection for the local counting database to be replicated in real-time to 
an Internet-based destination. 
5. Processor: Minimum ARM 9 or ARM 11 or Intel Atom 1.6 Ghz 
6. RAM: Minimum 1 GB 
7. SSD: 32 GB 
8. VGA: Single port 
9. Network: 10/100 Gbps 
10. USB: 4 ports 
11. RS232: 1 port 
12. GSM & GPRS module with antenna 
13. Wi-Fi: Not required / optional 
14. Power Input: 24 V DC with power consumption 
15. Internal Slot for putting the mobile SIM card. 
16. Operating Temp: 0 to +60 degrees 
17. Mounting Kit for buses – holes for the screws / bolts should be there. 
18. Certification: 
a. EMC: FCC Part 15, EN55022, EN55024, EN 50121-3-2, EN 61000-6-2 
b. Radio: FCC Part 22, 24, RSS132,133, EN301 489-1, EN489-3 (-GP Only), EN 301 489-7, EN301 511,AS/ACIF S042.1, S042.3 
c. Shock & Vibration Certification: IEC 61373 category 1, class B 
d. Safety Compliance: UL60950-1, cUL60950-1, IEC60950-1 
e. Or any latest guidelines applicable as per GoI 
 
  

--- Page 436 ---
 
PAGE | 343  
 
Annexure 2 
 
NCMC Based Ticket Validator Specifications  A. Feature and Functionality  1. The on board ticket validators will enable commuters to use National Common Mobility Card (NCMC) for fare payment and pre-paid ticket and pass validation. 2. The Validator should be provided for the AFC Provider of STU/Authority to upload the software and security features in the OS provided in the Validator. The AFC Provider will integrate the Validator through the ITS to the AFC software at the backend which would be integrated into the Acquiring Bank / Central System.   3. The flow of data of regular transaction will be through the ITS as defined by RBI regulations for security and safety guidelines. This is the responsibility of the AFC provider of the STU/Authority and not the Bidder.   4. The validators will allow commuters to pay fares through multiple media types read including smartphone/tablet/smartwatch displays & paper tickets. The hardware with basic OS, wiring and wiring would be provided by the Bidder, the sofrtware and the complete AFC solutions would be provided by the AFC Provider of the STU/Authroity and not the Bidder.   No wiring for any kind of retro fitting will be allowed for the validators after deployement. All wiring for the validators in the buses would be pre installed irrespective of the validators being installed during the contract period.   B. Technical Specifications 
Physical 
Dimensions 
less than 300 mm(L) x 225 mm(W) x 150 mm(H), mounted on stanchions near 
passenger entry and exit doors 
Display 
minimum 7" display, sunlight readable with contrast ratio 800:1 with capacitive 
multi-touch, viewing angle (CR>10),   
Body ABS (Acrylonitrile Butadiene Styrene) 
Power Supply and external connectivity 
Voltage 24V 
USB Port  1* Type-C supporting OTG (on the go) 
Operating Environment 
Temperature 
Storage temp:-20°C~60°C  
Operating temp:0°C~50°C  
Humidity 5-100% humidity 
Shock and 
Vibrations IEC 61373 category 1, class B 
CPU and OS requirement 
CPU ARM Cortex-A9 processor or higher 
Operating System  Android 7.0 or higher/ Linux OS with full API and device access for developers 
RAM 1GB or above  
Device Memory 4 GB or above 

--- Page 437 ---
 
PAGE | 344  
 
Communication and Connectivity 
SIM Slot   1* NANO SIM & 1* MINI SIM / e-Sims 
Cellular Data Mobile Data: 2G/3G/4G  
WIFI  WiFi: 2.4GHz/5GHz, IEEE 802.11a/b/g/n  
Positioning  
GPS, Sensitivity: -159dBm; receive frequency: 1575.42MHz; satellite 
Channel: 20 channel; positioning accuracy: <10m 
Bluetooth  Bluetooth 2.1/3.0/4.2 and BLE  
Speaker  Stereo speakers with digital control for audio playback  
Readers and Validation 
QR code reader 
1D/ 2D barcode reading. Media types read: Smartphone/tablet/smartwatch 
displays & paper tickets 
NFC  NFC: ISO/ICE 14443 Type A&B, Mifare cards  
Smart card  MIFARE PLUS SE 1K , operating distance upto 5 cm 
Card Readers  Magstripe: ISO 1/2/3, ISO 18092 compliant  
Certification  
RuPay qSPARC certified for NCMC Contactless: EMV Level 1 and 2 compliant 
Certified PCI PTS 5.x, EMV certified Smartcard: EMV Level 1, NPCI Rupay 
Qsparc (attendant and unattended) 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 438 ---
 
PAGE | 345  
 
Annexure 2 
Guidelines for Communication between ITS Equipment and ITMS Cloud 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
1. Introduction  ......................................................................................................... 346 
2. MQTT Packet format ........................................................................................................ 346 
2.1 Fixed Header ............................................................................................................. 347 
2.2 Variable Header......................................................................................................... 349 
2.3 Payload ...................................................................................................................... 351 
3. Packet Structures  ......................................................................................................... 351 
3.1 CONNECT Packet .................................................................................................... 351 
3.2 CONNACK Packet ................................................................................................... 353 
3.3 PUBLISH Packet....................................................................................................... 355 
3.3.1 Vehicle Location Packet ..................................................................... 355 
3.3.2 Vehicle CAN Packet .......................................................................... 357 
3.3.3 Passenger Count Packet ...................................................................... 361 
3.3.4 Route Start Packet .............................................................................. 363 
3.3.5 Route End Packet ............................................................................... 365 
3.3.6 Health Packet ...................................................................................... 367 
3.3.7 PUBACK Packet: ............................................................................... 370 
3.3.8 PINGREQ Packet: .............................................................................. 370 
3.3.9 PINGRESP Packet: ............................................................................ 371 
3.3.10 DISCONNECT Packet: ...................................................................... 371 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

--- Page 439 ---
 
PAGE | 346  
 
1. Introduction 
Protocol Proposed - MQTT  
MQTT is a standards-based messaging protocol, or set of rules, used for machine-to-machine 
communication. The MQTT broker is responsible for maintaining stable connections with clients, 
processing messages, and forwarding them to the subscribed and approved MQTT packet usually 
responds to an MQTT command. The MQTT protocol defines two types of network entities: a message 
broker and several clients. An MQTT broker is a server that receives all messages from the clients and 
then routes the messages to the appropriate destination clients. An MQTT client is any device (from a 
microcontroller to a fully-fledged server) running an MQTT library and connecting to an MQTT broker 
over a network. 
MQTT is a lightweight protocol that is used globally while communicating with the IOT 
Devices. Features of MQTT –  
 
- Lightweight Protocol  
- Low bandwidth consumption  
- Low power Consumption  
- Data agnostic  
- Used where M2M communication is required  
- Based on Pub/Sub Architecture  
- works best where the connection with the devices is not stable 
 
2. MQTT Packet format 
Message Format - JSON  
JSON, which stands for "JavaScript Object Notation," is a lightweight data interchange format that is 
easy for humans to read and write and easy for machines to parse and generate. JSON has become a 
widely adopted standard for data exchange in various programming languages and is commonly used 
in web development, APIs, and data storage. 
JSON is commonly used for configuration files, data interchange between web servers and clients (e.g., 
RESTful APIs), and data storage (NoSQL databases often use JSON-like formats). It is also widely 
used in JavaScript, but its simplicity and versatility have led to its adoption in many programming 
languages through libraries and APIs, making it a popular choice for data serialization and transmission 
in modern software development. 
At its core, MQTT is a binary-based protocol that utilizes a command and command-acknowledgement 
format. Moreover, an acknowledgment in the form of an MQTT packet usually responds to an MQTT 
command.  
JSON (JavaScript Object Notation) is commonly used in embedded programming for several reasons: 
- Human-readable 
- Lightweight  
- Standardization  
- Ease of parsing  
- Data serialization  
- Compatibility with web technologies  
- Debugging and testin 

--- Page 440 ---
 
PAGE | 347  
 
 
A packet in MQTT is a unit of data that is sent between clients and the MQTT broker.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
The MQTT packet format consists of the following three parts: 
 Fixed header: Made up of the packet type, packet flags, and length of the remaining packet. 
 Variable header: Includes packet-type specific meta-data. 
 Payload: The packet-type specific payload data, e.g., the message for a PUBLISH packet. 
 
2.1  Fixed Header 
Each MQTT Control Packet contains a Fixed Header as shown below. 
 
The first 4-bits represent the control packet type of the MQTT packet. There are 15 different MQTT 
packet types. Some of the packet types with value and allowed direction are given in the following 
table.  

--- Page 441 ---
 
PAGE | 348  
 
 
 
The last four bits of the MQTT control packet, the so-called control flags, are fixed corresponding to 
the used packet type and cannot be changed by the client, with one exception, the PUBLISH control 
packet type. 
 DUP: Indicates if this packet is a duplicate. Bit 3 
Value 0: New data packet 
Value 1 Redelivery of the old packet. 
 QoS: The Quality of Service level. Bit 2,1 
Value 0: At most one delivery (it might deliver or not based on TCP status) 
 
The remaining bits [3-0] of byte 1 in the Fixed Header contain flags specific to each MQTT Control 
Packet 404 type as shown below. Where a flag bit is marked as “Reserved”, it is reserved for future 
use and MUST 405 be set to the value listed. If invalid flags are received it is a Malformed Packet. 

--- Page 442 ---
 
PAGE | 349  
 
 
 
 
 
This QoS level ensures that a message is sent at most once without any confirmation. The publisher 
sends the message to the broker once and does not wait for any acknowledgment. Therefore, QoS 0 is 
suitable for applications where occasional data loss is acceptable, such as routine status updates that do  
DUP = Duplicate delivery of a PUBLISH packet 411  
QoS = PUBLISH Quality of Service 412  
RETAIN = PUBLISH retained message flag 
 
Remaining Length 
Position: starts at byte 2. 
The Remaining Length is a Variable Byte Integer that represents the number of bytes remaining within 
the current Control Packet, including data in the Variable Header and the Payload. The Remaining 
Length does not include the bytes used to encode the Remaining Length. The packet size is the total 
number of bytes in an MQTT Control Packet, this is equal to the length of the Fixed Header plus the 
Remaining Length. 
2.2 Variable Header 
The content and length of the variable header differ according to the packet type. For example, the 
following image shows the structure of the variable header for the CONNECT control packet. 
 
 
 

--- Page 443 ---
 
PAGE | 350  
 
 
 
 
 
Protocol name length: Indicates the length in bytes of the Protocol Name 
Protocol name: ASCII representation of the protocol name, e.g., MQTT (0x4d 0x51 0x54 0x54) 
Protocol level: “4” for MQTT v3.1.1, “5” for MQTT v5.0. 
Connect flag: A 1-byte field with information about connection options like retention, QoS, clean 
session, etc. An example of this is attached just below. 
Bit 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 0 
 username flag password flag will retain will QOS will flag *) reserved 
 x x x x x x x 0 
 
 
  

--- Page 444 ---
 
PAGE | 351  
 
Username Flag: 
1 Username to send. 
0-> Username not necessary 
Password Flag: 
1 Password to send. 
0-> Password not necessary 
Will retain:  if enabled, the message will be set as retained. 
Will QOS: Indicates the Qos level with which the message will be sent. 
Denotes the QoS level in 2 bits, i.e., QoS 0 = “0” and “0,” QoS 1 = “1” and “0,”        
QoS 2 = “0” and “1.” 
Will flag: if activated, the broker sends a Last Will message (LWT) on behalf of the client  
                when it disconnects unexpectedly. 
Clean session: if active, the broker will clear any existing session when this client connects  
                        and not store any session data after the client disconnects. Note that in MQTT  
                        v5.0, this flag is called “clean start” and only affects the start of the session. 
Keep Alive: Denotes the maximum time, in seconds, the client will leave before sending a packet to 
the broker. 
2.3 Payload 
The payload holds the data related to the packet being sent. For a PUBLISH packet, this is the actual 
message being sent. The message can be in any format, but most often in ASCII-encoded characters 
formatted as JSON, XML, or text. 
3. Packet Structures 
This section contains some of the important packet structures. One can add his/her proprietary packets 
as per wish. 
The packet ASCII encoded in the JSON format, fields are separated by comma. 
3.1 CONNECT Packet 
Control Packet Type: 0x10 (16 in decimal) 
The CONNECT packet is used by an MQTT client to establish a connection with an MQTT broker. It 
includes information such as the protocol version, client identifier, clean session flag, keep-alive 
interval, and authentication credentials (username and password). 
  

--- Page 445 ---
 
PAGE | 352  
 
 
  
S.No Contents BytesSample Data 
FIXED HEADER 
1 Header  16 
2 Length of the Packet  83 
Variable Header 
3 Protocol Name Length  4 
4 Protocol Name  MQTT 
5 Protocol Level  5 
6 Connect Flag  4 
7 Keep Alive  60 
Payload 
8 15 Digit IMEI number  123456789012345 
9 Vehicle Number  DL35XX9821 
10 Firmware version  V1.0.0 
11 Protocol Version  V1.0.0 
12 GPS fix (1 Fixed,0not Fixed)  1 
13 Date    (DDMMYY)  200728 
14 Time ( HH:mm:ss)  200900 
15 Latitude value in decimal degrees (6 decimal places)  17.7823411 
 
16 
Latitude Direction (N=North; S=South)   
N 
 
17 
Longitude value in decimal degrees (6 decimal places)   
78.3123121 
 
18 
Longitude Direction (E=East; W=West)   
E 
19 Speed  20 

--- Page 446 ---
 
PAGE | 353  
 
Example Jsosn Data: 
[ 
  { 
    "Fixed Header": { 
      "Header": 16, 
      "Length of the Packet": 83 
    }, 
    "Variable Header": { 
      "Protocol Name Length": 2, 
      "Protocol Name": "MQTT", 
      "Protocol Level": 4, 
      "Connect Flag": 4, 
      "Keep Alive": 60 
    }, 
    "Payload": { 
      "15 Digit IMEI number": "123456789012345", 
      "Vehicle Number": " DL35XX9821", 
      "Firmware version": "V1.0.0", 
      "Protocol Version": "V1.0.0", 
      "GPS fix": 1, 
      "Date": "200728121324", 
      "Time": 12091, 
      "Latitude value": 17.782341, 
      "Latitude Direction": "N", 
      "Longitude value": 78.312312, 
      "Longitude Direction": "E", 
      "Speed": 20 
    } 
  } 
] 
 
3.2 CONNACK Packet 
 
Control ACK Packet Type: 0x20 (32 in decimal) 
The CONNACK packet is sent by the MQTT broker in response to a CONNECT packet. It 
acknowledges the client's connection request and provides status information, including a return code 
that indicates whether the connection was successful. 
Thers is no Payload. 
S.No Contents Bytes Sample Data 
FIXED HEADER 
1 Header  32 
2 Length of the Packet  2 
Variable Header 
3 Reserved  0 

--- Page 447 ---
 
PAGE | 354  
 
 
Example Json Data: 
 
[ 
  { 
    "Fixed Header": { 
      "Header": 32, 
      "Length of the Packet": 2 
    }, 
    "Variable Header": { 
      "Reserved": 0, 
      "Return Code": { 
        "Value": 0, 
      } 
    } 
  } 
] 
 
 
  
S.No Contents Bytes Sample Data 
4 Return Code 
0 0x00 Connection Accepted 
1 0x01 
Connection Refused: 
unacceptable protocol 
version 
2 0x02 Connection Refused: 
identifier rejected 
3 0x03 Connection Refused: 
server unavailable 
4 0x04 
Connection Refused: 
bad user name or 
password 
5 0x05 Connection Refused: 
not authorized 
6-
255  Reserved for future use 
   
 0 

--- Page 448 ---
 
PAGE | 355  
 
3.3 PUBLISH Packet 
 
The PUBLISH packet is used by an MQTT client to publish a message to a specific topic on the 
MQTT broker. It can have different Quality of Service (QoS) levels and includes the topic name, 
message content, and optional message identifier. 
Control Packet Type:  
0x30 (48 in decimal) for QoS 0 
0x32 (50 in decimal) for QoS 1 
0x34 (52 in decimal) for QoS 2 
 
3.3.1  Vehicle Location Packet 
    
Topic Name:  its/vehicle/location 
Ack Packet: publish acknowledgement is needed. 
This packet will be sent at configurable period time interval. Minimum is 5 seconds. 
Sno Contents Bytes Sample Data 
FIXED HEADER 
1 Header (QOS 1)  50 
2 Length of the Packet  105 
Variable Header 
3 Topic Name Length   20 
4 Topic Name   its/vehicle/location 
5 Message ID  or  Frame Number Sequence Number of the 
messages (000001 to 999999)  
 1 
Payload  
6 Vendor ID  SU3339 
7 Firmware Version  11.0.15 
8 Packet Type 
(NR =Normal 
EA = Emergency alert. 
TA = Tamper alert HP = Health packet IN = Ignition On 
IF = Ignition Off 
 NR 

--- Page 449 ---
 
PAGE | 356  
 
Sno Contents Bytes Sample Data 
BD = Main Battery disconnect (If device is disconnected 
from vehicle battery and running on its internal battery) 
BR = Battery reconnect 
BL = Battery low (If device internal battery had fallen 
below a defined threshold, indicating that device need to 
get a recharge) 
BC = (Low battery removed Indicate that vehicle internal 
battery is charged again) MB (Connect back to main 
battery Indicate that vehicle is connected back to main 
battery) 
GO (– GPS box opened Message would be generated 
indicating GPS box opened) 
HB (Harsh Break) 
HA (Harsh Acceleration) 
RT(Rash Turning) 
9 Packet Status L=Live or H= History  L 
10 15 Digit IMEI number  123456789009876 
11 Vehicle number where the device was installed  DL35XX9821 
12 GPS Fix (1 = GPS fix OR 0 = GPS invalid)  1 
13 Date value (DDMMYY)  010123 
14 Time in UTC format (hhmmss)  122315 
15 Latitude value in decimal degrees (with minimum 6 
decimal places) 
 17.5867543 
16 Latitude Direction (For example, N=North; S=South)  N 
17 Longitude value in decimal degrees (with minimum 6 
decimal places) 
 78.2345676 
18 Longitude Direction ( For example, E=East; W=West)  W 
19 Speed in km/h  40 
20 Ignition 1= Ign On ; 0 = Ign Off  1 
21 Main Power Status:  
0 = Vehicle Battery Disconnected 
1= Vehicle battery power reconnected 
 1 
22 Emergency Status 1= ‘On’; 0 = ‘Off’  1 

--- Page 450 ---
 
PAGE | 357  
 
 
Example Json Data: 
 
[ 
  { 
    "Fixed Header": { 
      "Header ": 50, 
      "Length of the Packet": 105 
    }, 
    "Variable Header": { 
      "Topic Name Length": 20, 
      "Topic Name": "its/vehicle/tracking", 
      "Message ID": 1 
    }, 
    "Payload": { 
      "Vendor ID": "SU3339", 
      "Firmware Version": "11.0.15", 
      "Packet Type": "NR", 
      "Packet Status": "L", 
      "15 Digit IMEI number": "123456789009876", 
      "Vehicle number ": "DL35XX9821", 
      "GPS Fix": 1, 
      "Date value": "010123", 
      "Time in UTC format": "122315", 
      "Latitude value": "17.5867543", 
      "Latitude Direction": "N", 
      "Longitude value": "78.2345676", 
      "Longitude Direction": "W", 
      "Speed": 40, 
      "Ignition": 1, 
      "Main Power Status": 1, 
      "Emergency Status": 1, 
      "GSM Signal Strength ": 27, 
      "Odometer Reading": 25, 
    } 
  } 
] 
 
 
3.3.2 Vehicle CAN Packet  
     
Topic Name: its/vehicle/can  
 Description: The PUBLISH packet is used by an MQTT client to publish a message to a specific 
topic on the MQTT broker.  It sends CAN information of Vehicle to Server 
Ack Packet: publish acknowledgement is needed. 
Sno Contents Bytes Sample Data 
23 GSM Signal Strength Value ranging from 0 – 31  27 
24 Odometer Reading  25 

--- Page 451 ---
 
PAGE | 358  
 
Sno Contents Bytes Sample Data 
FIXED HEADER 
1 Header (QOS 1)  50 
2 Length of the Packet  148 
Variable Header 
3 Topic Name Length   15 
4 Topic Name   its/vehicle/can 
5 Message ID  or  Frame Number Sequence Number of the 
messages (000001 to 999999) 
 1 
Payload  
6 Vendor ID  SU3339 
7 15 Digit IMEI number  123456789009876 
8 Vehicle number where the device was installed  DL35XX9821 
9 GPS Fix (1 = GPS fix OR 0 = GPS invalid)  1 
10 Date value (DDMMYY)  090823 
11 Time in UTC format (hhmmss)  060807 
12 Latitude value in decimal degrees (with minimum 6 
decimal places) 
 17.2345678 
13 Latitude Direction (For example, N=North; S=South)  N 
14 Longitude value in decimal degrees (with minimum 6 
decimal places) 
 78.2345675 
15 Longitude Direction ( For example, E=East; W=West)  E 
16 Odometer reading (instrument cluster/CAN)  23 
17 Vehicle Status  1 
18 Traction Battery Data (As per AIS 038, 
revision 2, amendment 3) 
 44 
19 Battery SoC (State of Charge)  34 
20 Battery Voltage  45 
21 Battery Current  54 
22 Battery Temperature  45 
23 Ambient temperature  35 

--- Page 452 ---
 
PAGE | 359  
 
 
Sno Contents Bytes Sample Data 
24 Vehicle Speed  25 
25 Acceleration  33 
26 Deceleration  35 
27 Charging Status (it can be pushed via BMS)  1 
28 Charging Start Time  1909 
29 Charging End Time  2408 
30 Charging Power  54 
31 Charging Current  34 
32 Charging Voltage  34 
33 Cell/Pack temperature  38 
34 Motor Current and Voltage  46 
35 Motor Current and Voltage while traction  36 
36 Motor Current and Voltage while regeneration  38 
37 BMS error/charging fault  37 
38 SoH - Battery  34 
39 Health Status of BMS  1 
40 Health status of PIS  1 
41 Health Status of ITS  1 
42 Health Status of VTS  1 
43 Door open/ closed status  1 
44 Driver Side  1 
45 Passenger Side  1 
46 Rear Left  1 
47 Rear Right  1 
48 Passenger saloon temperature  34 
49 Motor Speed  28 
50 Diagnostic Trouble Codes  22 
51 Charge Discharge Cycle - Count  27 
52 Distance to empty / residual range  45 

--- Page 453 ---
 
PAGE | 360  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Example Json Data: 
 
[ 
  { 
    "Fixed Header": { 
      "Header": 50, 
      "Length of the Packet": 148 
    }, 
    "Variable Header": { 
      "Topic Name Length": 15, 
      "Topic Name": "its/vehicle/can", 
      "Message ID": 1 
    }, 
    "Payload": { 
      "Vendor ID": "SU3339", 
      "15 Digit IMEI number": "123456789009876", 
      "Vehicle number": " DL35XX9821", 
      "GPS Fix": 1, 
      "Date value": "090823", 
      "Time in UTC format": "060807", 
      "Latitude value": 17.2345678, 
      "Latitude Direction": "N", 
      "Longitude value ": 78.2345675, 
      "Longitude Direction": "E", 
      "Odometer reading": "23", 
      "Vehicle Status": "1", 
      "Traction Battery Data": "44", 
      "Battery SoC": "34", 
      "Battery Voltage": "45", 
      "Battery Current": "54", 
      "Battery Temperature": "45", 
      "Ambient temperature": "35", 
      "Vehicle Speed": "25", 
      "Acceleration": "33", 
      "Deceleration": "35", 
      "Charging Status ": "1", 
      "Charging Start Time": "1909", 
      "Charging End Time": "2408", 
      "Charging Power": "54", 
      "Charging Current": "34", 
      "Charging Voltage": "34", 
      "Cell/Pack temperature": "38", 
      "Motor Current and Voltage": "46", 
      "Motor Current and Voltage while traction": "36", 
      "Motor Current and Voltage while regeneration": "38", 
      "BMS error/charging fault": "37", 

--- Page 454 ---
 
PAGE | 361  
 
      "SoH - Battery": "34", 
      "Health Status of BMS": "1", 
      "Health status of PIS": "1", 
      "Health Status of ITS": "1", 
      "Health Status of VTS": "1", 
      "Door open/ closed status": "1", 
      "Driver Side": "1", 
      "Passenger Side": "1", 
      "Rear Left": "1", 
      "Rear Right": "1", 
      "Passenger saloon temperature": "34", 
      "Motor Speed": "28", 
      "Diagnostic Trouble Codes": "22", 
      "Charge Discharge Cycle - Count": "27", 
      "Distance to empty / residual range": "45" 
    } 
  } 
] 
 
 
3.3.3 Passenger Count Packet 
    
Topic Name: its/vehicle/psgcount 
Description: The PUBLISH packet is used by an MQTT client to publish a message on a specific 
topic on the MQTT broker.  It sends Passenger Count information of the Vehicle to the Server. 
Ack Packet: publish acknowledgement is needed. 
Sno Contents Bytes Sample Data 
FIXED HEADER 
1 Header (QOS 1)  50 
2 Length of the Packet  113 
Variable Header 
3 Topic Name Length   20 
q Topic Name   its/vehicle/psgcount 
5 Message ID  or  Frame Number Sequence Number of 
the messages (000001 to 999999) 
 1 
Payload  
6 Vendor ID  SU3339 
7 15 Digit IMEI number  123456789009876 
8 Vehicle number where the device was installed.  DL35XX9821 
9 GPS Fix (1 = GPS fix OR 0 = GPS invalid)  1 

--- Page 455 ---
 
PAGE | 362  
 
 
Example Json Data: 
 
 
[ 
  { 
    "Fixed Header": { 
      "Header": 50, 
      "Length of the Packet":113 
    }, 
    "Variable Header": { 
      "Topic Name Length": 20, 
      "Topic Name": " its/vehicle/psgcount ", 
      "Message ID": 1 
    }, 
    "Payload": { 
      "Vendor ID": "SU3339", 
      "15 Digit IMEI number": "123456789009876", 
      "Vehicle number": " DL35XX9821", 
      "GPS Fix": 1, 
      "Date value": "260123", 
      "Time in UTC format": "123435", 
      "Latitude value": "17.8998765", 
      "Latitude Direction": "N", 
      "Longitude value": "78.8998765", 
      "Longitude Direction": "N", 
      "Front Door People IN": 23, 
10 Date value (DDMMYY)  260123 
11 Time in UTC format (HHmmss)  123435 
12 Latitude value in decimal degrees (with 6 decimal 
places) 
 17.8998765 
13 Latitude Direction (N=North; S=South)  N 
14 Longitude value in decimal degrees (with 6 decimal 
places) 
 78.8998765 
15 Longitude Direction (E=East; W=West)  N 
16 Front Door People IN  23 
17 Front Door People OUT  22 
18 Back Door People IN  45 
19 Back Door People OUT  43 
20 Route No  1 
21 Stop Name  CP 
22 Source Name  KG Marg 
23 Destination Name  ITO 

--- Page 456 ---
 
PAGE | 363  
 
      "Front Door People OUT": 22, 
      "Back Door People IN": 45, 
      "Back Door People OUT": 43, 
      "Route No": "1", 
      "Stop Name": "CP", 
      "Source Name": "KG Marg", 
      "Destination Name": "ITO" 
    } 
  } 
] 
3.3.4 Route Start Packet 
 
Topic Name: its/vehicle/routestart 
Description: The PUBLISH packet is used by an MQTT client to publish a message to a specific topic 
on the MQTT broker.  It sends Route Start information of Vehicle to Server 
Ack Packet: publish acknowledgement is needed. 
Sno Contents Bytes Sample Data 
FIXED HEADER 
1 Header (QOS 1)  50 
2 Length of the Packet  102 
Variable Header 
3 Topic Name Length   22 
4 Topic Name  its/vehicle/routestart  
5 Message ID (Starts from 1 onwards)  1 
Payload  
6 Vendor ID  SU3339 
7 15 Digit IMEI number  123456789009876 
8 Vehicle number where the device was installed.  DL35XX9821 
9 GPS Fix (1 = GPS fix OR 0 = GPS invalid)  1 
10 Date value (DDMMYY) 
 
 250123 
11 Time in UTC format (HHmmss)  090823 
12 Latitude value in decimal degrees (with 6 decimal 
places) 
 17.8989867 
13 Latitude Direction (N=North; S=South)  N 

--- Page 457 ---
 
PAGE | 364  
 
 
  
Sno Contents Bytes Sample Data 
14 Longitude value in decimal degrees (with 6 decimal 
places) 
 78.9089987 
15 Longitude Direction (E=East; W=West)  W 
16 Current Route ID  1 
17 Source Name  KG Marg 
18 Destination Name  ITO 
19 Expected Completion Time, Format=HHMM  1234 

--- Page 458 ---
 
PAGE | 365  
 
Example Json Data: 
 
[ 
  { 
    "Fixed Header": { 
      "Header": 50, 
      "Length of the Packet": 102 
    }, 
    "Variable Header": { 
      "Topic Name Length": 22, 
      "Topic Name": " its/vehicle/routestart", 
      "Message ID": 1 
    }, 
    "Payload": { 
      "Vendor ID": "SU3339", 
      "15 Digit IMEI number": "123456789009876", 
      "Vehicle number": " DL35XX9821", 
      "GPS Fix": 1, 
      "Date value": "250123", 
      "Time in UTC format": "090823", 
      "Latitude value ": 17.8989867, 
      "Latitude Direction": "N", 
      "Longitude value": 78.9089987, 
      "Longitude Direction": "W", 
      "Current Route ID": "1", 
      "Source Name": "KG Marg", 
      "Destination Name": "ITO", 
      "Expected Completion Time": "1234" 
    } 
  } 
] 
 
 
3.3.5 Route End Packet 
 
Topic Name: its/vehicle/routeend 
Description: The PUBLISH packet is used by an MQTT client to publish a message to a specific topic 
on the MQTT broker.  It sends Route End information of Vehicle to Server 
Ack Packet: publish acknowledgement is needed. 
Sno Contents Bytes Sample Data 
FIXED HEADER 
1 Header (QOS 1)  50 
2 Length of the Packet  87 
Variable Header 
3 Topic Name Length   20 

--- Page 459 ---
 
PAGE | 366  
 
 
Example Json Data: 
 
[ 
  { 
    "Fixed Header": { 
      "Header (QOS 1)": 50, 
      "Length of the Packet": 87 
    }, 
    "Variable Header": { 
      "Topic Name Length": 20, 
      "Topic Name": " its/vehicle/routeend ", 
      "Message ID": 1 
    }, 
    "Payload": { 
      "Vendor ID": "SU3339", 
      "15 Digit IMEI number": "123456789009876", 
      "Vehicle number": " DL35XX9821", 
      "GPS Fix": 1, 
      "Date value": "230923", 
      "Time in UTC format": "123444", 
      "Latitude value ": 17.6767543, 
      "Latitude Direction": "N", 
Sno Contents Bytes Sample Data 
4 Topic Name   its/vehicle/routeend 
5 Message ID (Starts from 1 onwards)  2 
Payload  
6 Vendor ID  SU3339 
7 15 Digit IMEI number  123456789009876 
8 Vehicle number where the device was installed.  DL35XX9821 
9 GPS Fix (1 = GPS fix OR 0 = GPS invalid)  1 
10 Date value (DDMMYY)  230923 
11 Time in UTC format (HHmmss)  123444 
12 Latitude value in decimal degrees (with 6 decimal 
places) 
 17.6767543 
13 Latitude Direction (N=North; S=South)  N 
14 Longitude value in decimal degrees (with 6 decimal 
places) 
 78.9876543 
15 Longitude Direction (E=East; W=West)  E 
16 Current Route ID  1 
17 Current Trip no  1 

--- Page 460 ---
 
PAGE | 367  
 
      "Longitude value": 78.9876543, 
      "Longitude Direction": "E", 
      "Current Route ID": "1", 
      "Current Trip no": "1" 
    } 
  } 
] 
 
 
 
3.3.6 Health Packet 
 
Topic Name: its/vehicle/health 
Description: The PUBLISH packet is used by an MQTT client to publish a message to a specific topic 
on the MQTT broker.  It sends Health Status information of Vehicle to Server 
Ack Packet: publish acknowledgement is needed. 
Sno Contents Bytes Sample Data 
FIXED HEADER 
1 Header (QOS 1)  50 
2 Length of the Packet  146 
Variable Header 
3 Topic Name Length   18 
4 Topic Name   its/vehicle/health 
5 Message ID (Starts from 1 onwards)  1 
Payload  
6 Vendor ID  SU3339 
7 15 Digit IMEI number  123456789009876 
8 Vehicle number where the device was installed  DL35XX9821 
9 GPS Fix (1 = GPS fix OR 0 = GPS invalid)  1 
10 Date value (DDMMYY)  120923 
11 Time in UTC format (hhmmss)  090800 
12 Latitude value in decimal degrees (with minimum 6 
decimal places) 
 17.9876564 
13 Latitude Direction (N=North; S=South)  N 
14 Longitude value in decimal degrees (with minimum 6 
decimal places) 
 78.0976543 

--- Page 461 ---
 
PAGE | 368  
 
 
  
Sno Contents Bytes Sample Data 
15 Longitude Direction (E=East; W=West)  E 
16 primary IP Address (String)  192.XXX. XXX . 
XXX 
17 Secondary IP Address (String)  192.XXX.XXX.XXX  
18 Firmware Version (string)  11.0.15 
19 Protocol Version (String)  10.0.1 
20 Storage 1 status (0 Failure/1 Working)  1 
21 Storage 1 memory status (0 Failure/1 Working)  1 
22 Storage 2 status (0 Failure/1 Working)  1 
23 Storage 2 memory status (0 Failure/1 Working)  1 
24 Front Display Board status (0 failure/1 working)  1 
25 Side Display Board status (0 failure/1 working)  1 
26 Rear Display Board status (0 failure/1 working)  1 
27 Internal Display Board status (0 failure/1 working)  1 
28 Camera 1 recording status (0 Failure/1 recording)  1 
29 Camera 2 recording status (0 Failure/1 recording)  1 
30 Camera 3 recording status (0 Failure/1 recording)  1 
31 Camera 4 recording status (0 Failure/1 recording)  1 
32 Camera 5 recording status (0 Failure/1 recording)  1 
33 Camera 6 recording status (0 Failure/1 recording)  1 
34 Camera 7 recording status (0 Failure/1 recording)  1 
35 Camera 8 recording status (0 Failure/1 recording)  1 
36 Ignition status (0 Off/1 On)  1 
37 Digital Input 1 status (0 Off/1 On)  1 
38 Digital Input 2 status (0 Off/1 On)  1 
39 Digital Input 3 status (0 Off/1 On)  1 
40 Digital Input 4 status (0 Off/1 On)  1 
41 Digital Output 1 status (0 Off/1 On)  1 
42 Digital Output 2 status (0 Off/1 On)  1 

--- Page 462 ---
 
PAGE | 369  
 
Example Json Data: 
 
[ 
  { 
    "Fixed Header": { 
      "Header": 50, 
      "Length of the Packet": 146 
    }, 
    "Variable Header": { 
      "Topic Name Length": 18, 
      "Topic Name": " its/vehicle/health ", 
      "Message ID": 1 
    }, 
    "Payload": { 
      "Vendor ID": "SU3339", 
      "15 Digit IMEI number": "123456789009876", 
      "Vehicle number": "Ts10101", 
      "GPS Fix": 1, 
      "Date value": "120923", 
      "Time in UTC format": "090800", 
      "Latitude value ": 17.9876564, 
      "Latitude Direction ": "N", 
      "Longitude value": 78.0976543, 
      "Longitude Direction": "E", 
      "primary IP Address": "192.168.0.144", 
      "Secondary IP Address": "192.168.0.155", 
      "Firmware Version": "11.0.15", 
      "Protocol Version": "10.0.1", 
      "Storage 1 status": 1, 
      "Storage 1 memory status": 1, 
      "Storage 2 status": 1, 
      "Storage 2 memory status": 1, 
      "Front Display Board status": 1, 
      "Side Display Board status": 1, 
      "Rear Display Board status": 1, 
      "Internal Display Board status": 1, 
      "Camera 1 recording status": 1, 
      "Camera 2 recording status": 1, 
      "Camera 3 recording status": 1, 
      "Camera 4 recording status": 1, 
      "Camera 5 recording status": 1, 
      "Camera 6 recording status": 1, 
      "Camera 7 recording status": 1, 
      "Camera 8 recording status": 1, 
      "Ignition status": 1, 
      "Digital Input 1 status": 1, 
      "Digital Input 2 status ": 1, 
      "Digital Input 3 status": 1, 
      "Digital Input 4 status": 1, 
      "Digital Output 1 status": 1, 
      "Digital Output 2 status ": 1 
    } 
  } 
] 

--- Page 463 ---
 
PAGE | 370  
 
3.3.7 PUBACK Packet: 
 
Control Packet Type: 0x40 (64 in decimal) 
Description: The PUBACK (Publish Acknowledgment) packet is sent by the MQTT broker in 
response to a PUBLISH packet with QoS level 1. It confirms that the message was received and 
processed by the broker. 
There is no Payload for this packet. 
 
Variable Header Contains the same message ID that was Published by the MQTT client. 
 
Example Json Data: 
[ 
  { 
    "Fixed Header": { 
      "Header": 64, 
      "Length of the Packet": 1 
    }, 
    "Variable Header": { 
      "Message ID": 2 
    } 
  } 
] 
 
3.3.8  PINGREQ Packet: 
 
Control Packet Type: 0xC0 (192 in decimal) 
Description: The PINGREQ (Ping Request) packet is sent by the MQTT client to the broker to request 
a ping response. It helps keep the connection alive and verify that the broker is still responsive. 
No variable Header and Payload. 
Sno Contents BytesSample Data 
FIXED HEADER 
1 Header (QOS 1)  64 
2 Length of the Packet  1 
Variable Header 
3   Message ID  2 
SnoContents Bytes Sample Data 
FIXED HEADER 
1 Header (QOS 1)  192 

--- Page 464 ---
 
PAGE | 371  
 
Example Json Data: 
[ 
  { 
    "Fixed Header": { 
      "Header": 192, 
      "Length of the Packet": 0 
               } 
  } 
] 
 
 
3.3.9  PINGRESP Packet: 
 
Control Packet Type: 0xD0 (208 in decimal) 
Description: The PINGRESP (Ping Response) packet is sent by the MQTT broker in response to a 
PINGREQ packet. It confirms that the broker is still alive and responsive. 
No variable Header and Payload 
 
Example Json Data: 
[ 
  { 
    "Fixed Header": { 
      "Header": 208, 
      "Length of the Packet": 0 
               } 
  } 
] 
 
3.3.10  DISCONNECT Packet: 
 
Control Packet Type: 0xE0 (224 in decimal) 
Description: The DISCONNECT packet is used by an MQTT client to gracefully terminate the 
connection with the MQTT broker. 
No variable Header and Payload 
  
2 Length of the Packet  0 
Sno Contents Bytes Sample Data 
FIXED HEADER 
1 Header (QOS 1)  208 
2 Length of the Packet  0 

--- Page 465 ---
 
PAGE | 372  
 
 
Example Json data: 
[ 
  { 
    "Fixed Header": { 
      "Header": 224, 
      "Length of the Packet": 0 
               } 
  } 
] 
 
 
 
 
Sno Contents Bytes Sample Data 
FIXED HEADER 
1 Header (QOS 1)  224 
2 Length of the Packet  0 

--- Page 466 ---
SECTION – 5: MEASUREMENT & VERIFICATION (M&V) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Not Applicable 

--- Page 467 ---
SECTION- 6 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Annexures  

--- Page 468 ---
 
PAGE | 2  
 
 
CONTENTS 
SECTION- 6 1  
ANNEXURES 1  
APPENDIX A - PRE-BID CONFERENCE 4  
CHECKLIST 5  
ANNEXURE  1 - COVERING LETTER 6  
ANNEXURE 2 - BID SECURITY 9  
ATTACHMENT -I TO ANNEXURE 2 14  
ATTACHMENT -II TO ANNEXURE 2 16  
ATTACHMENT -III TO ANNEXURE 2 19  
ATTACHMENT -III TO ANNEXURE 2 20  
ATTACHMENT -IV TO ANNEXURE 2 21  
ANNEXURE  3 - POWER OF ATTORNEY FOR SINGLE BIDDER 23  
ANNEXURE  4 - POWER OF ATTORNEY FOR CONSORTIUM 25  
ANNEXURE 5 - FORMAT FOR BIDDER’S COMPOSITION AND OWNERSHIP 
STRUCTURE 27  
ANNEXURE 6 - FORMAT FOR AUTHORISATION 29  
ANNEXURE 7 - FORMAT FOR CONSORTIUM AGREEMENT 30  
ATTACHMENT - 1 TO THE CONSORTIUM AGREEMENT 33  
ANNEXURE  8 - LETTER OF CONSENT FROM CONSORTIUM MEMBERS 34  
ANNEXURE  9 - FORMATS FOR BOARD RESOLUTION 36  
ANNEXURE 10 - FORMAT FOR LETTER OF UNDERTAKING 38  
ANNEXURE 11 – FORMAT FOR AFFIDAVIT 40  
ANNEXURE 12A- FINANCIAL QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENT (CLAUSE 9.2 
D-2 OF THE RFP) 41  
FORMAT FOR FINANCIAL QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENT (NETWORTH)
 41  
FORMAT FOR FINANCIAL QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENT (MINIMUM 
AVERAGE ANNUAL TURNOVER) 43  
ANNEXURE 12B- FINANCIAL QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENT (CLAUSE 9.2 E-

--- Page 469 ---
 
PAGE | 3  
 
 
2 OF THE RFP) 45  
FORMAT FOR FINANCIAL QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENT (NETWORTH)
 45  
ANNEXURE 13  - DETAILS OF ELIGIBLE PROJECTS 48  
ANNEXURE 14A - FORMAT FOR TECHNICAL QUALIFICATION CRITERIA49 
ANNEXURE 14B - FORMAT FOR TECHNICAL QUALIFICATION CRITERIA50 
ANNEXURE 15 - RELATIONSHIP & DETAILS OF EQUITY SHAREHOLDING51 
ANNEXURE 16 - FORM OF ACCEPTANCE OF FRAUD PREVENTION POLICY
 53  
ANNEXURE 17 - NO BLACKLISTING CERTIFICATE 54  
ANNEXURE 18 - SELF-DECLARATION FOR TESTING CERTIFICATE 55  
ANNEXURE 19 - CERTFICATE REGARDING DECLARATION OF 
INDIGENIZATION REQUIREMENT 56  
ANNEXURE 20 - CERTIFICATE REGARDING COMPLIANCE OF MEITY 
NOTIFICATION 57  
ANNEXURE 21 - CERTFICATE REGARDING DECLARATION OF LOCAL 
CONTENT 58  
ANNEXURE 22 - COMPLIANCE FOR LAND BORDER RESTRICTIONS 59  
ANNEXURE 23 - REAL TIME GROSS SETTELMENT (RTGS)/ NATIONAL 
ELECTRONIC FUND TRANASFER (NEFT) 61  
ANNEXURE 24 - DECLARATION FOR QUOTED LOTS BY THE BIDDER 62  
ANNEXURE 25 –NIL DEVIATION STATEMENT 65  
ANNEXURE 26: CERTIFICATE OF AVAILABLE PRODUCTION CAPACITY 65 
 
 
 
  

--- Page 470 ---
 
PAGE | 4  
 
 
APPENDIX A - PRE-BID CONFERENCE 
(No registration/fee submission/separate invitation, etc. is required for the interested firms for attending the Pre-bid 
meeting) 
The official representative of the bidder may attend the Pre-bid Conference as mentioned in this RfP, which shall 
take place through Video Conferencing/In-Person.  
(Bidders are requested to send their queries at least 7 days prior to the schedule date of Pre-bid meeting only in the 
prescribed format as given below on email id provided in Section-1 of tender document: 
Sr. 
No. 
Section No. Description as Per 
RfP 
Queries/ 
Clarification of the 
bidder 
Remarks 
Page No. 
Para No/Clause No. 
1 Section No.    
Page No. 
Para No/Clause No. 
2 Section No.    
Page No. 
Para No/Clause No. 
3 Section No.    
Page No. 
Para No/Clause No. 
     
 
 
 
Authorized Signatory 
Sign & Stamp 
 
Note 
• The purpose of the meeting shall be to clarify any issues regarding the bid process. 
• Record notes of the meeting including the text of the questions raised and responses given shall be transmitted 
to all the bidders who were present at the meeting. Based on that, amendment can be issued in the tender documents. 
• The clarifications that could not be furnished during pre-bid conference shall be separately communicated to 
all the bidders. 
• Non-attendance at the pre-bid meeting shall not be a cause for rejection of a Bidder(s). 
• Based on the discussion in pre-bid meeting, CESL reserves the right to modify/amend the tender document. 

--- Page 471 ---
 
PAGE | 5  
 
 
Checklist 
(Required to be uploaded under Envelope 1 through e-procurement portal in same sequence as mentioned below) 
Annexure. Description Whether submitted 
(Yes/No) 
        1 Covering Letter    
2 Bid Security/Bid Bond  
3 Power of Attorney (Single Bidder)  
4 Power of Attorney (Consortium)  
5 Bidder’s composition and ownership structure  
6 Authorization to Bank   
7 Consortium Agreement  
8 Letter of Consent from each Consortium Member, including Lead Member  
9 Board Resolution  
10 Proforma of Letter of Undertaking  
11 Affidavit format   
12 Financial Qualification Requirement (Networth)  
13 Financial Qualification Requirement (MAAT)  
14 Technical Qualification Requirement  
15 Bidders Undertaking and details of Equity Investment  
16 Fraud prevention policy  
17 Certificate for not being debarred /blacklisted from any GoI agency at the 
time of bid submission 
 
18 Self-Declaration for testing certificate  
19 Certificate for Indigenous content  
20 Compliance for MeiTY requirement  
21 Certificate for declaring local content   
22 Self-Declaration regarding “Restrictions on procurement from a Bidder of a 
country which shares a land border with India”  
  
23 Bank Details -Attachment 09 (RTGS/NEFT)   
24 Quoted Lot declaration as per Attachment-13 of Section-6.   
25 NIL Deviation Statement  
26 Available Capacity for Bus manufacturing and supply  
 
Authorized Signatory 
Sign & Stamp  

--- Page 472 ---
 
PAGE | 6  
 
 
ANNEXURE  1 - COVERING LETTER 
(The covering letter should be on the Letter Head of the Bidder/ Lead Member of the Consortium) 
 
Date: ………………………………… 
From: ………………………………… 
 
Tel. No.: ………………………………… 
Fax No.: ………………………………… 
E-mail address:           ………………………………… 
 
To, 
CGM (SCM) 
Convergence Energy Services Limited. 
9th Floor, Jeevan Prakash Building,  
25, KG Marg,  
New Delhi – 110001 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Bid for Request for Selection of Bus Operator for Procurement, Supply, Operation & Maintenance and 
Development of Allied Electric & Civil Infrastructure on Gross Cost Contracting (GCC) for 2,900 Electric Buses 
under PM E-DRIVE Scheme Tender-II & 3,330 for Delhi totaling to 6,230 number of electric buses Being duly 
authorized to present and act on behalf of M/s (insert name of Bidder / Consortium) (hereinafter called the 
“Bidder”) and having read and examined in detail the Request for Proposal (RfP) document, the undersigned hereby 
submit our Bid with duly signed formats and Financial Bid as stipulated in RfP document for your consideration. 
1. It is confirmed that our Bid is consistent with all the requirements of submission as stated in the RfP document 
and subsequent clarifications/amendments as per Clause xxx and xxxx of RfP. 
2. The information submitted in our Bid is complete, is strictly as per the requirements stipulated in the RfP 
document and is correct to the best of our knowledge and understanding. We would be solely responsible for any 
errors or omissions in our Bid. 
3. We hereby agree and undertake to procure the products and services associated with the Project, as per the 
Applicable Law (details of which are provided in the RfP), and as amended from time to time.  
4. We are herewith submitting legally binding board resolution for investing the total equity requirement of the 
Project. 
5. We hereby confirm that in accordance with Clause xxxxx of the RfP, we are herewith submitting legally 
binding undertaking supported by a board resolution from the …………………………..(Insert name of Parent 
company/Associate , as the case may be) that all the equity investment obligations of ………….. (Insert name of the 
Bidder) shall be deemed to be equity investment obligations of the ………………… (Insert name of Parent 
company/associate, as the case may be) and in the event of any default by…(Insert name of the Bidder), the same shall 
be met by ………………. (Insert name of Parent company/associate, as the case may be). 
[Sl. No 5 to be inserted only in case the Bidder is a Bidder / Lead Member of a Consortium and has sought 
qualification on the basis of technical and financial capability of its Associate(s) and/or its Parent] 
6. We confirm that there are no litigations or disputes against us, which materially affect our ability to fulfill our 

--- Page 473 ---
 
PAGE | 7  
 
 
obligations stated in RfP and Concession agreement with regard to the Project. 
7. We hereby confirm that we shall continue to maintain compliance with Qualification Requirements till the 
execution of the Concession Agreement. Further, in case we emerge as Selected Bidder for the Project, we shall 
continue to maintain compliance with Qualification Requirements till COD of the Project. 
8. We confirm that we have studied the provisions of relevant Indian laws and regulations as required to enable 
us to submit this Bid and execute the Concession Agreement, in the event of our selection as the Selected Bidder. We 
further undertake and agree that all such factors as mentioned in RfP have been fully examined and considered while 
submitting the Bid. 
9. We hereby confirm that we shall abide unreservedly with CESL’s decision in the qualification process for 
selection of Qualified Bidder and further warrant that under no circumstances we shall challenge either the CESL’s 
decision or its right to make such decision at any time in the future. 
10. We undertake, that if our bid is selected, we shall initiate the activities required to be undertaken by the 
Selected Bidder immediately upon issuance of Letter of Confirmation quantity (LoCQ) to us by CESL.  
11. If our bid is selected, we undertake to provide performance security as per the format specified in the 
Concession Agreement and comply with the other requirements of the RfP document.  
12. We agree to abide by our bid proposal for a period 180 days from the Bid Due date as stipulated in the RfP 
document and it shall remain binding upon us and may be accepted by you at any time before the expiration of that 
period.  
13. Until the concession agreement is executed between the Selected Bidder and relevant Authority, our bid, 
together with your written acceptance thereof in the form of your LoCQ shall constitute a binding contract between 
parties. 
14. We understand that you are not bound to accept the lowest or any other bid you may receive. 
15. We, hereby, declare that only the persons or firms interested in this proposal as principals are named here and 
that no other persons or firms other than those mentioned herein have any interest in this proposal or in the contract 
to be entered into, if the award is made on us, that this proposal is made any connection with any other person, firm 
or party likewise submitting a proposal, is in all respects for and in good faith, without collusion or fraud. 
16. We have enclosed a Bid Bond of Rupees ………………. Crores (Rs. …………….) only or US$............. 
(…………….US Dollars), in the form of bank guarantee no/Insurance Surety Bond No. [Insert number of the Bank 
Guarantee/Insurance Surety Bond No] dated………….[Insert Date of the Bank Guarantee/ Insurance Surety Bond 
No] as per your proforma (Annexure-XXX) from [Insert name of bank/Insurance Company providing Bid 
Bond] and valid up to…….in terms of Clause xxxx of the RfP. 
17. With reference to our bid proposal no……………………………dated for………………………………… 
/Package no Dated…….., we hereby confirm that we have read the following provisions of the following clauses and 
further confirm that notwithstanding anything stated elsewhere to the contrary, the stipulation of these clauses are 
acceptable to us and we have not taken any deviation to these clauses. 
i.Governing Laws: Clause xxx of ITB 
ii.Settlement of Disputes: Clause xxx of ITB 
iii.Terms of payment: Clause xxx of SCC 
iv.Performance Security: Clause xxx of ITB 
v.Taxes and Duties: Clause xx of ITB 
vi.Completion Time Guarantee: Clause xxx of ITB 
vii.Defects Liability: Clause xxx of ITB 

--- Page 474 ---
 
PAGE | 8  
 
 
viii.Functional Guarantee: Clause xx of ITB 
ix.Patent Indemnity: Clause xx of ITB 
x.Limitations of Liability: Clause xx of ITB 
xi.Project information, Estimation, bid Assumptions and conditions for Evaluation: As per Tables in price. 
We further confirm that any deviation to the above clauses found anywhere in our bid proposal, implicit or explicit, 
shall stand unconditionally withdrawn, without any implication to CESL 
18. We confirm that the Bid shall remain valid for a period of one eighty (180) days from the Bid Deadline. 
 
The details of contact person are furnished as under:  
Name:   ……………………………………………… 
Designation:  ………………………………………………  
Name of the Company: ………………………………………………  
Address of the Bidder: ………………………………………………  
Phone Nos.:  ……………………………………………… 
Fax Nos.:  ……………………………………………… 
E-mail address:  ……………………………………………… 
Bid Bond 
 
Acceptance 
Thanking you, 
Yours sincerely, 
………………………. 
 
(Name and Signature of the authorized signatory in whose name Power of Attorney/ Board Resolution as per Clause 
xxxx is issued) 
 
Name:  ………………………………………………  
Designation: ……………………………………  
Address: ……………………………………………… 
 
Date:  …………………………. 
Place:  ………………………… 
Company Stamp
  

--- Page 475 ---
 
PAGE | 9  
 
 
ANNEXURE 2 - BID SECURITY 
Bank Guarantee 
(To be stamped in accordance with Stamp Act, if any, of the country of the issuing Bank) 
 
Bank Guarantee No. ……………………………… 
Date ……………………………………………… 
 
To: 
Convergence Energy Services Limited (CESL) 
9th Floor, Jeevan Prakash Building,  
25, KG Marg, 
New Delhi – 110001 
 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
1. In accordance with invitation for bids under your RfP 
no………………………………………………dated……………………..M/s…………. having 
its registered/head office at………………………………………………………….(here in after called “Bidder”) 
wish to participate in the said bid for (name of package) 
 
2. We, the ……………………………………………… (Name and address of the bank), having our head office 
at ………………………………………………………………………………. at the request of the Bidder, do hereby 
i irrevocably, unconditionally and without reservation guarantee the due and faithful fulfilment and compliance of the 
terms and conditions of the Bidding Documents (including the RfP Document) by the said Bidder and unconditionally 
and irrevocably undertake to pay forthwith to CESL an amount of Rs. …………. (Rupees ……………………….. 
only) (hereinafter referred to as the “Guarantee”) as our primary obligation without any demur, reservation, recourse, 
contest or protest and without reference to the Bidder if the Bidder shall fail to fulfil or comply with all or any of the 
terms and conditions contained in the said Bidding Documents. 
 
3. Any such written demand made by CESL stating that the Bidder is in default of the due and faithful fulfilment 
and compliance with the terms and conditions contained in the Bidding Documents shall be final, conclusive and 
binding on the Bank. 
 
4.  We, the Bank, do hereby unconditionally undertake to pay the amounts due and payable under this Guarantee 
without any demur, reservation, recourse, contest or protest and without any reference to the Bidder or any other 
person and irrespective of whether the claim of CESL is disputed by the Bidder or not, merely on the first demand 
from CESL stating that the amount claimed is due to CESL by reason of failure of the Bidder to fulfil and comply 
with the terms and conditions contained in the Bidding Documents including failure of the said Bidder to keep its Bid 
open during the Bid validity period as set forth in the said Bidding Documents for any reason whatsoever. Any such 
demand made on the Bank shall be conclusive as regards amount due and payable by the Bank under this Guarantee. 

--- Page 476 ---
 
PAGE | 10  
 
 
However, our liability under this Guarantee shall be restricted to an amount not exceeding INR….………… (Rupees 
…………………………. only). 
 
5. This Guarantee shall be irrevocable and remain in full force for a period of 180 (one hundred and eighty) days 
from the Bid Due Date exclusive of a claim period of 30 (thirty) days or for such extended period as may be mutually 
agreed between CESL and the Bidder, and agreed to by the Bank, and shall continue to be enforceable till all amounts 
under this Guarantee have been paid. 
 
6. We, the Bank, further agree that CESL shall be the sole judge to decide as to whether the Bidder is in default 
of due and faithful fulfilment and compliance with the terms and conditions contained in the Bidding Documents 
including, inter alia, the failure of the Bidder to keep its Bid open during the Bid validity period set forth in the said 
Bidding Documents, and the decision of CESL that the Bidder is in default as aforesaid shall be final and binding on 
us, notwithstanding any differences between CESL and the Bidder or any dispute pending before any Court, Tribunal, 
Arbitrator or any other authority. 
 
7. The Guarantee shall not be affected by any change in the constitution or winding up of the Bidder or the Bank 
or any absorption, merger or amalgamation of the Bidder or the Bank with any other person. 
 
8. In order to give full effect to this Guarantee, CESL shall be entitled to treat the Bank as the principal debtor. 
CESL shall have the fullest liberty without affecting in any way the liability of the Bank under this Guarantee from 
time to time to vary any of the terms and conditions contained in the said Bidding Documents or to extend time for 
submission of the Bids or the Bid validity period or the period for conveying acceptance of Letter of Award by the 
Bidder or the period for fulfilment and compliance with all or any of the terms and conditions contained in the said 
Bidding Documents by the said Bidder or to postpone for any time and from time to time any of the powers exercisable 
by it against the said Bidder and either to enforce or forbear from enforcing any of the terms and conditions contained 
in the said Bidding Documents or the securities available to CESL, and the Bank shall not be released from its liability 
under these presents by any exercise by CESL of the liberty with reference to the matters aforesaid or by reason of 
time being given to the said Bidder or any other forbearance, act or omission on the part of CESL or any indulgence 
by CESL to the said Bidder or by any change in the constitution of CESL or its absorption, merger or amalgamation 
with any other person or any other matter or thing whatsoever which under the law relating to sureties would but for 
this provision have the effect of releasing the Bank from its such liability. 
 
9. Any notice by way of request, demand or otherwise hereunder shall be sufficiently given or made if addressed 
to the Bank and sent by courier or by registered mail to the Bank at the address set forth herein.  
 
10. We undertake to make the payment on receipt of your notice of claim on us addressed to [name of Bank along 
with branch address] and delivered at our above branch which shall be deemed to have been duly authorised to receive 
the said notice of claim.  
 
11. It shall not be necessary for CESL to proceed against the said Bidder before proceeding against the Bank and 
the guarantee herein contained shall be enforceable against the Bank, notwithstanding any other security which CESL 
may have obtained from the said Bidder or any other person and which shall, at the time when proceedings are taken 

--- Page 477 ---
 
PAGE | 11  
 
 
against the Bank hereunder, be outstanding or unrealised. 
 
 
12. We, the Bank, further undertake not to revoke this Guarantee during its currency except with the previous 
express consent of CESL in writing.  
 
13. The Bank declares that it has power to issue this Guarantee and discharge the obligations contemplated herein, 
the undersigned is duly authorised and has full power to execute this Guarantee for and on behalf of the Bank and 
such Bank Guarantee may be encashed by CESL from any branch of the Bank in Delhi (in case the Bank doesn’t have 
a branch in Delhi then the encashment may be done at the Branch nearest to Delhi). 
 
14. For the avoidance of doubt, the Bank’s liability under this Guarantee shall be restricted to Rs. ……… crore 
(Rupees ……………….......... crore only). The Bank shall be liable to pay the said amount or any part thereof only if 
CESL serves a written claim on the Bank in accordance with paragraph 9 hereof, on or before [……. (indicate date 
falling 210 days after the Bid Due Date)]. 
 
In witness whereof the bank, through its authorized officer, has set its hand and stamp on this 
……………………………………………… Day of ………………20…………………at…………… 
 
Witness: 
Signature:       Signature: 
Name:        Name: 
Official address:      Designation with Bank Stamp 
Authorized vide Power of Attorney no. 
Date 
NOTE: 
 Bid Security amount shall be as specified in the RfP. 
 Complete mailing address of the Head Office of the Bank to be given. The bank guarantee validity date 
shall be one hundred eighty days from the Bid Due Date  
 The Stamp Paper of appropriate value shall be purchased in the name of guarantee issuing Bank. The Bank 
Guarantee shall be issued on a stamp paper of value as applicable in the State of the issuing bank in India or the 
State of Delhi in India or the State of India from where the BG shall be operated, whichever is higher. 
 While getting the Bank Guarantee issued, Bidders are required to ensure compliance to the Bank Guarantee 
Verification Check List. Further, Bidders are required to fill up both checklist and enclose the same with the Bank 
Guarantee. 
  

--- Page 478 ---
 
PAGE | 12  
 
 
BANK GUARANTEE CHECK LIST 
1 Bank Guarantee No.   
2 Issuing Bank   
3 Nature of BG & No. of Pages   
4 Validity of BG   
5 Package Description   
6 Party & Contracts ref. Name, Address, Tel, Fax, E—mail 
7 Bank Reference   
 
CHECK LIST 
Sl. No. Details of Checks YES / NO 
1 Is the BG on non-judicial Stamp Paper of appropriate value, as per Stamp Act?   
2 
Whether date, purpose of purchase of stamp paper and name of the purchaser are 
indicated on the back of Stamp paper under the Signature of Stamp vendor? (The 
date of purchase of stamp paper should be not later than the date of execution of BG 
and the stamp paper should be purchased either in the name of the executing Bank or 
the party on whose behalf the BG has been issued. Also the Stamp Paper should not 
be older than six months from the date of execution of BG) 
  
3 In case the BG has been executed on Letter Head of the Bank, whether adhesive 
Stamp of appropriate value has been affixed thereon?   
4 Has the executing Officer of BG indicated the name, designation and Power of 
Attorney No. / Signing Power no. etc., on the BG?   
5 
Is each page of BG duly signed / initiated by executants and whether stamp of Bank 
is affixed thereon? Whether the last page is signed with full particulars including two 
witnesses under seal of Bank as required in the prescribed proforma? 
  
6 Does the Bank Guarantees compare verbatim with the proforma prescribed in the bid 
documents?   
7 In case of any changes in contents of text, whether changes are of minor/clerical 
nature (which in no way limits the right of CESL in any manner)?   
8 
In case of deviations in text of BG, which materially affect the right of CESL, 
whether the changes have been agreed based on the opinion by Legal Department or 
BG I considered acceptable on the basis of opinion of law Department already 
available on the similar issue. 
  
9 Are the factual details such as Bid Document No. NOA/LOA/Contact No.,   
10 Contract Price, Percentage of Advance, Amount of BG and Validity of BG correctly 
mentioned in the BG?   

--- Page 479 ---
 
PAGE | 13  
 
 
Sl. No. Details of Checks YES / NO 
11 Whether overwriting / cutting if any on the BG have been properly authenticated 
under signature and seal of executant?   
12 Whether the BG has been issued by a Bank in line with the provisions of Bid 
/Contract documents?   
13 
In case BG has been issued by a Bank other than those specified of Bid / Contract 
Documents, is the BG confirmed by a Bank in India acceptable as per Bid / Contract 
documents? 
  
 
  

--- Page 480 ---
 
PAGE | 14  
 
 
ATTACHMENT -I to ANNEXURE 2 
LIST OF BANKS ACCEPTABLE FOR SUBMISSION OF BANK GUARANTEE FOR BID SECURITY 
SCHEDULED COMMERCIAL BANKS 
 SBI AND ASSOCIATES 
Sl. No. Name of Banks Sl. No Name of Banks 
1 State Bank of India 5 State Bank of Mysore 
2 State Bank of Bikaner and Jaipur 6 State Bank of Patiala 
3 State Bank of Hyderabad 7 State Bank of Saurashtra 
4 State Bank of Indore 8 State Bank of Travancore 
 NATIONALISED BANKS 
Sl. No. Name of Banks Sl. No. Name of Banks 
9 Allahabad Bank 13 Canara Bank 
10 Andhra Bank 14 Central Bank of India 
11 Bank of India 15 Corporation Bank 
12 Bank of Maharashtra 16 Dena Bank 
17 Indian Bank 18 Indian Overseas Bank 
19 Oriental Bank of Commerce 20 Punjab National Bank 
21 Punjab & Sind Bank 22 Syndicate Bank 
23 Union Bank of India 24 United Bank of India 
25 UCO Bank 26 Vijaya Bank 
27 Bank of Baroda     
 SCHEDULED PRIVATE BANKS (INDIAN BANKS) 
Sl. No. Name of Banks Sl. No. Name of Banks 
27 Bank of Rajasthan 41 Sangli Bank Ltd. 
28 Bharat Overseas Bank Ltd. 42 South Indian Bank Ltd. 
29 Catholic Syrian Bank 43 Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd. 
30 City Union Bank 44 United Western Bank Ltd. 
31 Dhanalakshmi Bank 45 ING Vysya Bank Ltd. 
32 Federal Bank Ltd. 46 UTI Bank Ltd. 
33 Jammu & Kashmir Bank Ltd. 47 S.B.I. Commercial & International 
Bank Ltd. 
34 Karnataka Bank Ltd. 48 Ganesh Bank of Kurundwad Ltd. 

--- Page 481 ---
 
PAGE | 15  
 
 
Sl. No. Name of Banks Sl. No. Name of Banks 
35 Karur Vysya Bank Ltd. 49 IndusInd Bank Ltd. 
36 Lakshmi Vilas Bank Ltd. 50 ICICI Bank Ltd. 
37 Lord Krishna Bank Ltd. 51 HDFC Bank Ltd. 
38 Nainital Bank Ltd. 52 Centurion Bank of Punjab Limited 
39 Kotak Mahindra Bank 53 Development Credit Bank Ltd. 
40 Ratnakar Bank Ltd. 54 Yes Bank 
 IDFC Bank  Axis Bank 
 SCHEDULED PRIVATE BANKS (FOREIGN BANKS) 
Sl. No. Name of Banks Sl.No. Name of Banks 
55 Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank Ltd. 71 Sonali Bank 
56 ABN AMRO Bank Ltd. 72 Standard Chartered Bank 
57 American Express Bank Ltd. 73 J.P Morgan Chase Bank 
58 Bank of America NA 74 State Bank of Mauritius 
59 Bank of Behrain & Kuwait 75 Development Bank of Singapore 
60 Mashreq Bank 76 Bank of Ceylon 
61 Bank of Nova Scotia 77 Bank International Indonesia 
62 The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ Limited. 78 Arab Bangladesh Bank 
63 Calyon Bank 79 Cho Hung Bank 
64 BNP Paribas 80 China Trust Bank 
65 Barclays Bank 81 MIzuho Corporate Bank Ltd. 
66 Citi Bank 82 Krung Thai Bank 
67 Deutsche Bank 83 Antwerp Diamond Bank N.V. Belgium 
68 The Hong Kong and Shanghai Banking 
Corporation Ltd. 84 Internationale Netherlanden Bank N.V. 
(ING Bank) 
69 Oman International Bank 85 Bank of China Ltd. 
70 Societe Generale     
 PUBLIC SECTOR BANK 
Sl. No. Name of Banks Sl. No Name of Banks 
86 IDBI Ltd.     

--- Page 482 ---
 
PAGE | 16  
 
 
ATTACHMENT -II to ANNEXURE 2 
BID SECURITY FORM (For Insurance Security Bond 
 (To be stamped in accordance with Stamp Act of India) 
 
Insurance Surety Bond No.: ........................… 
Date: ...................……... 
  
To: (insert Name and Address of Employer) 
 
 
WHEREAS M/s. …. (Insert name of Bidder)…… having its Registered/Head Office at ….. (Insert address of the 
Bidder) ……….. (Hereinafter called "the Bidder" which expression shall include its successors, administrators, 
executors and assigns) has submitted its Bid for the performance of the Contract for ‘………………………………..’, 
under Specification No.: ………………….. (Hereinafter called "the Bid") 
 
KNOW ALL PERSONS by these present that WE …….. (insert name & address of the Insurer) ……… having its 
Registered/Head Office at …..…….(insert address of registered office of the Insurer)…….. (hereinafter called "the 
Insurer " which expression shall include its successors, administrators, executors and assigns), are bound unto 
……(insert name of Employer)….. (hereinafter called "the Employer") in the sum of ....................(insert amount of 
Bid Security in figures & words).......................... ............................……………. for which payment well and truly to 
be made to the said Employer, the Insurer  binds itself, its successors and assigns by these presents.  
 
Sealed with the Common Seal of the said Insurer  this ............... day of ...............  20.... 
 
THE CONDITIONS  of this obligation are: 
 
(1) If the Bidder withdraws its bid during the period of bid validity specified by the Bidder in the Bid Form; or 
 
(2) In case the Bidder does not withdraw the deviations proposed by   him, if any, at the cost of withdrawal stated 
by him in the bid and/or accept the withdrawals/rectifications pursuant to the declaration/confirmation made by 
him in the Bid; or 
 
(3) If the Bidder does not accept the corrections to arithmetical errors identified during preliminary evaluation of his 
bid pursuant to terms and conditions of the RfP; or  
 
(4) If, as per the requirement of Qualification Requirements the Bidder is required to submit a Deed of Joint 
Undertaking and he fails to submit the same, duly attested by Notary Public of the place(s) of the respective 
executants (s) or registered with the Indian Embassy/High Commission in that Country, within ten days from the 
date of intimation of post – bid discussion; or  
 
(5) In the case of a successful Bidder, if the Bidder fails within the specified time limit 
 
(i) To sign the Contract Agreement, in accordance with Conditions of the Tender, or 
 
(ii)  To furnish the required performance security, in accordance with Conditions of the Tender. 
 or 
 
(6) In any other case specifically provided for in ITB. 
 
WE undertake to pay to the Employer up to the above amount upon receipt of its first written demand, without the 
Employer having to substantiate its demand, provided that in its demand the Employer will note that the amount 
claimed by it is due to it, owing to the occurrence of any of the above-named CONDITIONS or their combination, 
and specifying the occurred condition or conditions. 

--- Page 483 ---
 
PAGE | 17  
 
 
 
This guarantee will remain in full force up to and including ……….. (insert date  in line with stipulations of the 
tender)…….., and any demand in respect thereof must reach the Insurer  not later than the above date. 
 
Notwithstanding anything contained herein: 
 
1.  Our liability under this Insurance Surety Bond shall not exceed _________ (value in figures)____________ 
[_____________________ (value in words)____________]. 
 
2.   This Insurance Surety Bond shall be valid upto ________(validity date)__________. 
 
3.  We are liable to pay the guaranteed amount or any part thereof under this Insurance Surety Bond only & only 
if we receive a written claim or demand on or before ________ (validity date) __________ 
For and on behalf of the Insurer 
 
[Signature of the authorised signatory(ies)] 
Signature_______________________ 
 
Name_______________________ 
 
Designation_______________________ 
 
 
Contact Number(s): Tel.______________Mobile______________ 
 
Fax Number_______________________ 
  
email ____________________________ 
 
Common Seal ______________________ 
Witness: 
 
Signature_______________________ 
 
Name_______________________ 
 
Address______________________________ 
 
Contact Number(s): Tel.______________Mobile______________ 
 
email ____________________________ 
 
Note: 
  
1. In case the bid is submitted by a Joint Venture, the bid security shall be in the name of the Joint Venture and 
not in the name of the Lead Partner or any other Partner(s) of the Joint Venture. 
2. The Insurance Surety Bond shall be from an Insurer as per guidelines issued by Insurance Regulatory 
and Development Authority of India (IRDAI) as amended from time to time. 
3. The Employer shall be the Creditor, the Bidder shall be the Principal debtor and the Insurance 
company/Insurer shall be the Surety in respect of the Insurance Surety Bond to be issued by the 
Insurer.  
4. The Insurance Surety Bond should be on Non-Judicial stamp paper/e-stamp paper of appropriate value 

--- Page 484 ---
 
PAGE | 18  
 
 
as per Stamp Act prevailing in the state(s) where the Insurance Surety Bond is submitted or is to be 
acted upon or the rate prevailing in State where the Insurance Surety Bond is executed, whichever is 
higher. The Stamp Paper/e-stamp paper shall be purchased in the name of Bidder/Insurer issuing the 
Insurance Surety Bond. 
5. While getting the Insurance Surety Bond issued, Bidders are required to ensure compliance to the 
points mentioned in Form of Insurance Surety Bond. 
  

--- Page 485 ---
 
PAGE | 19  
 
 
ATTACHMENT -III to ANNEXURE 2 
FORM FOR FORFEITURE OF INSURANCE SURETY BOND 
To: (insert Name and Address of the Insurer) 
 
Ref..: Forfeiture of Bid Security Amount against Insurance Surety Bond No. …… …………… dated ………… 
for …………….., issued by you on behalf of M/s. ………(insert name of the Bidder) ………... 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Please refer to the subject Insurance Surety Bond executed by you in our favour for ……………………. as Bid 
Security for the bid submitted by M/s. ………(insert name of the Bidder) ………... against ….. (insert name of the 
Package) ………. ; Specification No. ……………………. 
 
As per the terms of the said guarantee, the Insurer has guaranteed and undertaken to pay immediately on demand by 
the Employer the amount of …………….. without any reservation, protest, demur and recourse. Further, any demand 
made by the Employer shall be conclusive and binding on the Insurer irrespective of any dispute or difference raised 
by the Bidder. 
 
In terms of the said guarantee, we hereby submit our claim/demand through this letter for remittance of Bid Security 
amount to …. (insert name of the Employer) ……..  owing to the occurrence of the condition referred to at Sl. No. 
…….. The Insurer is requested to remit the full guaranteed sum ………………………. towards proceeds of the bid 
security in the form of Demand Draft in favour of ‘…. (insert name of the Employer) …….’, payable at ….(insert 
place of the Employer)….’.   
 
Thanking you, 
 
 
   For..................(Name of the Employer) 
 
    (AUTHORISED SIGNATORY) 
 
Copy to: 
…..(Registered Office of the Insurer)…. 
  

--- Page 486 ---
 
PAGE | 20  
 
 
ATTACHMENT -III to ANNEXURE 2 
FORM FOR CONDITIONAL CLAIM PENDING EXTENSION IN INSURANCE SURETY BOND 
To: (insert Name and Address of the Insurer) 
 
Ref..: Conditional Claim against Insurance Surety Bond No. …… …………… dated ………… for …………….. 
valid up to …………… issued by you on behalf of M/s. ………(insert name of the Bidder) ………... 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Please refer to the subject Insurance Surety Bond executed by you in our favour on behalf of M/s. ………(insert 
name of the Bidder) ………..., who have submitted this Insurance Surety Bond to us towards Bid Security against 
….. (insert name of the Package) ………. ; Specification No. ……………………. 
 
We, ………. (insert name of the Employer) ……….. do hereby request you to lodge our claim/demand against the 
subject Insurance Surety Bond for full guaranteed sum. Kindly note that this claim/demand against the subject 
Insurance Surety Bond is without any further notice in case the amendment to Insurance Surety Bond No. 
…………….. dated …………..  extending its validity upto ………………. is not got arranged by ………(insert name 
of the Bidder) ………... in our favour and are not received by us upto …………... In such an event you are requested 
to remit the full guaranteed amount in terms of the subject guarantee in its letter and spirit and proceeds of this 
Insurance Surety Bond shall be forwarded to us in form of demand draft in favour of ‘…. (insert name of the 
Employer) ……., payable at ….(insert place of the Employer)….’. 
 
This is without prejudice to our right under this guarantee, any other related document with reference to this guarantee 
and under the law. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
   For..................(Name of the Employer) 
 
    (AUTHORISED SIGNATORY) 
Copy to: 
(insert Name and Address of the Bidder) 
 
- You are requested to do the needful so that the amendment to the subject Insurance Surety Bond extending the 
validity up to ……………. is received by us by………. 
  

--- Page 487 ---
 
PAGE | 21  
 
 
ATTACHMENT -IV to ANNEXURE 2 
FORM OF EXTENSION OF INSURANCE SURETY BOND 
Ref. No................................         Dated:................. 
 
To: [Name and address of the Employer] 
 
 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub.: Extension of Insurance Surety Bond No. …… …………… dated ………… for …………….., issued to you 
on behalf of M/s. ………(insert name of the Contractor) …………... in respect of Contract No. ……………. 
dated …………….. for …….. (insert name of the Package alongwith the Project name) ………. (hereinafter 
called original Insurance Surety Bond). 
 
At the request of M/s.………… (insert name of the Contractor) ….............., We ………(insert name & address of the 
Insurer) ………, a Insurer organized under the laws of .................................... and having its Registered/Head Office 
at …..…….(insert address of registered office of the Insurer)…….........………… do hereby extend our liability under 
the above-mentioned Insurance Surety Bond No. ………………............. Dated ...………... for a further period of 
.............. Years/Months from ................ to expire on  .................. Except as  provided  above, all other terms and 
conditions  of  the original Insurance Surety Bond No. ....……………..... dated ........... shall remain unaltered and 
binding. 
 
Please treat this as an integral part of the original Insurance Surety Bond to which it would be attached. 
 
      
For and on behalf of the Insurer 
 
[Signature of the authorised signatory(ies)] 
Signature_______________________ 
 
Name_______________________ 
 
Designation_______________________ 
 
 
Contact Number(s): Tel.______________Mobile______________ 
 
Fax Number_______________________ 
  
email ____________________________ 
 
Common Seal ______________________ 
 
Witness: 
 
Signature_______________________ 
 
Name_______________________ 
 
Address______________________________ 

--- Page 488 ---
 
PAGE | 22  
 
 
 
Contact Number(s): Tel.______________Mobile______________ 
 
email ____________________________ 
 
Note : 
1. The Insurance Surety Bond should be on Non-Judicial stamp paper/e-stamp paper of appropriate value 
as per Stamp Act prevailing in the state(s) where the Insurance Surety Bond is submitted or is to be 
acted upon or the rate prevailing in State where the Insurance Surety Bond is executed, whichever is 
higher. The Stamp Paper/e-stamp paper shall be purchased in the name of Contractors/ Suppliers 
/Insurer issuing the Insurance Surety Bond. 
 
2. The Insurance Surety Bond shall be signed on all the pages by the Insurer Authorities and should 
invariably be witnessed. 
 
3.  The Insurance Surety Bond shall be from an Insurer as per guidelines issued by Insurance 
Regulatory and Development Authority of India (IRDAI) as amended from time to time.  
 
4.  The Employer shall be the Creditor, the Bidder shall be the Principal debtor and the Insurance 
company/Insurer shall be the Surety in respect of the Insurance Surety Bond to be issued by the 
Insurer. 
 
5.  While getting the Insurance Surety Bond issued, Contractors/ `s are required to ensure compliance to 
the points mentioned in corresponding Form of Insurance Surety Bond.  
** 
  

--- Page 489 ---
 
PAGE | 23  
 
 
ANNEXURE  3 - POWER OF ATTORNEY FOR SINGLE BIDDER 
(To be on non-judicial stamp paper of appropriate value as per Stamp Act relevant to place of execution) 
 
Know all men by these presents, We …………………………………………….(name and address of the registered 
office of the Bidder) do hereby constitute, appoint and authorize Mr./Ms……………………………………………… 
(name and residential address) who is presently employed with us and holding the position of……….as our attorney, 
to do in our name and on our behalf, all such acts, deeds and things necessary in connection with or incidental to our 
Bid for Request for Proposal (RfP) for Selection of Bus Operator for Procurement, Supply, Operation & Maintenance 
and Development of Allied Electric & Civil Infrastructure on Gross Cost Contracting (GCC) for 2,900 Electric Buses 
under PM E-DRIVE Scheme Tender-II & 3,330 for Delhi totaling to 6,230 number of electric buses  (Bid Document 
No.___ dated____), including signing and submission of all documents related to the Bid, including, undertakings, 
letters, certificates, acceptances, clarifications, guarantees, etc., making representations to the CESL, and providing 
information / responses to the CESL, representing us in all matters before the CESL, and generally dealing with the 
CESL in all matters in connection with our Bid for the said Project till the completion of the bidding process in 
accordance with the RfP. 
We hereby agree to ratify all acts, deeds and things lawfully done by our said attorney pursuant to this Power of 
Attorney and that all acts, deeds and things done by our aforesaid attorney shall and shall always be deemed to have 
been done by us. 
All the terms used herein but not defined shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms under the RfP. 
 
For [Insert name of the Bidder on whose behalf PoA is executed] 
 
………………….. 
(Signature) 
 
Name: ……………………….  
Designation: ………………………. 
Accepted 
 
………..………… 
(Signature of the Attorney) 
 
Name: …………………………….  
Designation: ...…………………………..  
Address: ............................................. 
  
..................................................................... 
(Name, Designation and Address of the Attorney) 
 

--- Page 490 ---
 
PAGE | 24  
 
 
Specimen signatures of attorney attested by the Executant. 
 
………………………… 
(Signature of the Executant) 
 
 
………………………….. 
(Signature of Notary Public) 
 
Place: ………………………… 
Date: ………………………… 
 
Notes: 
1. To be executed by Bidder or the Lead Member (in the case of a Bidding Consortium), as the case maybe. 
2. The mode of execution of the Power of Attorney should be in accordance with the procedure, if any, laid 
down by the applicable law and the charter documents of the executant(s) and when it is so required, the same should 
be under common seal of the executant affixed in accordance with the applicable procedure. Further, the person whose 
signatures are to be provided on the power of attorney shall be duly authorized by the executant(s) in this regard. 
3. Also, wherever required, the executant(s) should submit for verification the extract of the charter documents 
and documents such as a Board resolution / power of attorney, in favor of the Person executing this power of attorney 
for delegation of power hereunder on behalf of the executant(s). 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

--- Page 491 ---
 
PAGE | 25  
 
 
ANNEXURE  4 - POWER OF ATTORNEY FOR CONSORTIUM 
TO BE PROVIDED BY EACH OF THE OTHER MEMBERS OF THE CONSORTIUM IN FAVOUR OF THE 
LEAD MEMBER 
(To be on non-judicial stamp paper of appropriate value as per Stamp Act relevant to place of execution) 
 
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS THAT M/s , having its registered office 
at …………………………………………and M/s ………………………….…. having its registered office at 
………………………………………………, (Insert names and registered offices of all Members of the Consortium), 
the Members of Consortium, have formed a Bidding Consortium named …………. (insert name of the Consortium) 
(hereinafter called the “Consortium”) vide Consortium Agreement dated……….………………. and having agreed 
to appoint M/s………………………………………………as the Lead Member of the said Consortium do hereby 
constitute, nominate and appoint M/s…………….…………..a company incorporated under the laws of 
……….………and having its Registered / Head Office at ……………………..……….as our duly constituted lawful 
Attorney (hereinafter called as “Lead Member”) which is one of the Members of the Consortium, to act as the Lead 
Member and our true and lawful attorney, to do in our name and on our behalf, all such acts, deeds and things necessary 
in connection with or incidental to submission of Consortium's Bid for the Bid for Request for Proposal (RfP) for 
Selection of Bus Operator for Procurement, Supply, Operation & Maintenance and Development of Allied Electric & 
Civil Infrastructure on Gross Cost Contracting (GCC) for 2,900 Electric Buses under PM E-DRIVE Scheme Tender-
II & 3,330 for Delhi totaling to 6,230 number of electric buses (Bid Document No.___ dated____),, including signing 
and submission of the Bid and all documents related to the Bid, including, undertakings, letters, certificates, 
acceptances, clarifications, guarantees, etc, making representations to the CESL, and providing information / 
responses to the CESL, representing us and the Consortium in all matters before the CESL, and generally dealing with 
the CESL in all matters in connection with our Bid for the said Project, till completion of the bidding process in 
accordance with the RfP. 
It is expressly understood that in the event of the Consortium being selected as Successful Bidder, this Power of 
Attorney shall remain valid, binding and irrevocable until the Consortium achieves execution of Concession 
Agreement, through its SPV. 
We, as the Member of the Consortium, agree and undertake to ratify and confirm all whatsoever the said Attorney/Lead 
Member has done on behalf of the Consortium Members pursuant to this Power of Attorney and the same shall bind 
us and deemed to have been done by us. 
All the terms used herein but not defined shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms under the RfP. 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF M/s_____, as the Member of the Consortium 
have executed these presents on this………. day of ………… 
 
For and on behalf of Consortium Member 
………………………………………………
(Signature of the Authorized Signatory) 
 
Name:  ……………………………………………… 

--- Page 492 ---
 
PAGE | 26  
 
 
Designation: ……………………………………………… 
Place:   ……………………………………………… 
 
Name:  ……………………………………………… 
Designation: ……………………………………………… 
Place:   ……………………………………………… 
 
Accepted 
Specimen signatures of attorney attested 
 
 
………………………. 
(Signature) 
 
…………………………… 
(Signature of Notary Public) …………………………… 
(Name, Designation and Address 
of the Attorney) 
Place: ………………………… Date:  …………………………. 
 
Notes: 
 
1. The mode of execution of the power of attorney should be in accordance with the procedure, if any, laid down 
by the applicable law and the charter documents of the executant(s) and when it is so required, the same should be 
under common seal of the executant affixed in accordance with the applicable procedure.  
2. Further, the person whose signatures are to be provided on the power of attorney shall be duly authorized by 
the executant(s) in this regard. 
3. Also, wherever required, the executant(s) should submit for verification the extract of the charter documents 
and documents such as a Board resolution / power of attorney, in favour of the Person executing this power of attorney 
for delegation of power hereunder on behalf of the executant(s). 
  

--- Page 493 ---
 
PAGE | 27  
 
 
ANNEXURE 5 - FORMAT FOR BIDDER’S COMPOSITION AND OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE 
 
1. Corporate Details: Please provide the following information for the Bidder. If the Bidder is a Consortium, 
please provide this information for each Member including the Lead Member: 
a) Company’s Name, Address, and Nationality:  
Name:  ……………………………………………… 
Address:  …………………………………………………………………………………………………  
…………………………………………………………………………………………………  
Website Address: ……………………………………………… 
Country of Origin: ……………………………………………… 
b) Year Organized: ……………………………………………… 
c) Company's Business Activities: ……………………………………………… 
d) Status as a Bidder: 
i.Bidder 
ii.Lead Member of the Bidding Consortium 
iii.Member of the Bidding Consortium 
Note: tick the applicable serial number 
e) Company's Local Address in India (if applicable): 
…………………………………………………. 
…………………………………………………. 
…………………………………………………. 
f) Name of the Authorized Signatory: ............................................. 
g) Telephone Number:  ………………………………………………. 
h) Email Address: ………………………………………………. 
i) Telefax Number: ………………………………………………. 
j) Please provide the following documents: 
i.Copy of the Memorandum and Articles of Association and certificate of incorporation or other equivalent 
organizational document (as applicable), including their amendments, certified by the Company Secretary as 
Attachment - 1 for Bidder / each Member of Consortium including Lead Member. 
ii.Authority letter (as per format for authorization given below in Annexure 6) in favor of CESL from the 
Bidder/every Member of the Consortium authorizing CESL to seek reference from their respective bankers & others 
as Annexure - 6  as per Clause xxx of the RfP. 
2. Details of Ownership Structure: 
Equity holding of Bidder/ each Member of Bidding Consortium including Lead Member owning 10% or more of 
total paid up equity. 
Name of the Bidder / Consortium Member: ……………Status of equity holding as on ………………………… 
Name of the Equity Holder Type and No. of Shares 
owned 
Extent of Voting Control (%) 

--- Page 494 ---
 
PAGE | 28  
 
 
   
   
   
 
Notes: 
i.The above table is to be filled in separately for each Consortium Member. 
ii.Status of equity holding should be provided not earlier than thirty (30) days prior to Bid Due Date. 
 
For and on behalf of Bidder / Lead Member of the Bidding Consortium 
M/s…………………………………………………. 
 
………………………………….. 
(Signature of authorized representative) 
Name: …………………………………………………… 
Designation: ……………………………………………… 
 
…………………………….. 
(Stamp) 
 
Date: ……………………………  
Place: …………………………… 
  

--- Page 495 ---
 
PAGE | 29  
 
 
ANNEXURE 6 - FORMAT FOR AUTHORISATION 
(In case of Consortium, to be given separately by each Member) 
((To be on non-judicial stamp paper of appropriate value as per Stamp Act relevant to place of execution) 
and duly attested by notary public) 
The undersigned hereby authorize(s) and request(s) all our Bankers, including its subsidiaries and branches, any 
person, firm, corporation or authority to furnish pertinent information deemed necessary and requested by CESL to 
verify our Bid for Selection of Bus Operator for Procurement, Supply, Operation & Maintenance and Development 
of Allied Electric & Civil Infrastructure on Gross Cost Contracting (GCC) for 2,900 Electric Buses under PM E-
DRIVE Scheme Tender-II & 3,330 for Delhi totaling to 6,230 number of electric buses or regarding our project 
development experience, financial standing and general reputation. 
 
For and on behalf of M/s……………. (Insert Name of Bidder or Member of the Consortium) 
 
 
................................. 
(Signature) 
 
Name of Authorized Signatory: ………………………………………………. 
 
(Signature and Name of the authorized signatory of the Company) 
 
Place: …………………………  
Date: …………………… 
 
 
…………………………….. 
(Company stamp/seal) 
 
 
…………………………………. 
(Signature of Notary Public) 
 
Place: …………………………  
Date: …………………… 
 
  

--- Page 496 ---
 
PAGE | 30  
 
 
ANNEXURE 7 - FORMAT FOR CONSORTIUM AGREEMENT 
(To be on non-judicial stamp paper of appropriate value as per Stamp Act) 
 
THIS CONSORTIUM AGREEMENT executed on this....................... day of two thousand.................. between 
M/s................................................................,    a    company incorporated under the laws of ...................................... 
and having its Registered Office at.....................(hereinafter called the "Party 1”, which expression shall include its 
successors, executors and permitted assigns) and M/s………a Company incorporated under the laws of 
......................................................... and having its Registered Office at ...................................(hereinafter called the 
"Party 2", which expression shall include its successors, executors and permitted assigns) and for the purpose of 
submitting the Bid, executing the Project (in case of award) and entering into other Agreement(s) as specified in the 
RfP (hereinafter referred to as “Agreements”) as may be entered into with the CESL and Authority. 
WHEREAS, the CESL had invited Bid in response to RfP issued to……………..(insert the name of purchaser of 
RfP) for Selection of Bus Operator for Procurement, Supply, Operation & Maintenance and Development of Allied 
Electric & Civil Infrastructure on Gross Cost Contracting (GCC) for 2,900 Electric Buses under PM E-DRIVE 
Scheme Tender-II & 3,330 for Delhi totaling to 6,230 number of electric buses. 
AND WHEREAS, Clause 8.2 of the RfP document stipulates that the Bidders qualifying on the strength of a 
Consortium will have to submit a legally enforceable Consortium Agreement in a format specified in the RfP 
document wherein the Consortium Members have to commit equity of a specific percentage in the Project. 
AND WHEREAS, Clause 8.2 of the RfP document also stipulates that the Consortium shall provide along with the 
Bid, a Consortium Agreement as per prescribed format whereby the Consortium Members undertake to be liable for 
raising the required funds for its respective equity investment commitment as specified in Consortium Agreement. 
NOW THEREFORE, THIS INDENTURE WITNESSTH AS UNDER: 
In consideration of the above premises and agreement all the parties in this Consortium do hereby mutually agree as 
follows: 
1. In consideration of the selection of the Consortium as the selected bidder by the CESL, we the Members of 
the Consortium and parties to the Consortium Agreement do hereby unequivocally agree that 
M/s........................................................... (Insert name of the Lead Member), shall act as the Lead Member as 
defined in the RfP for self and agent for and on behalf of ………., .................., .............., ............. (the names of all 
the other Members of the Consortium to be filled in here). 
2. The Lead Member is hereby authorized by the Members of Consortium and parties to the Consortium 
Agreement to bind the Consortium and receive instructions for and on behalf of the Members. 
3. Notwithstanding anything contrary contained in this Consortium Agreement, the Lead Member shall always 
be liable for the equity investment obligations of all the Consortium Members, i.e., for both its own equity 
contribution as well as the equity contribution of other Members. 
4. The Lead Member shall be liable and responsible for ensuring the individual and collective commitment of 
each of the Members of the Consortium in discharging all their respective equity obligations. Each Consortium 
Member further undertakes to be individually liable for the performance of its part of the obligations without in any 
way limiting the scope of collective liability envisaged in this agreement. 
5. Subject to the terms of this agreement, the share of each Member of the Consortium in the “issued equity 
share capital of the SPV” shall be in the following proportion: (if applicable) 
Name  Percentage of equity holding in the Project 

--- Page 497 ---
 
PAGE | 31  
 
 
Party 1 ………. 
………… ………. 
Party n ………. 
Total 100% 
[Note: The percentage equity holding for any Consortium Member in the Project cannot be zero in the above table] 
6. The Lead Member shall inter alia undertake full responsibility for liaising with lenders and mobilizing debt 
resources for the Project and achieving financial closure. 
7. In case of any breach of any of the equity investment commitment by any of the Consortium Members, the 
Lead Member shall be liable for the consequences thereof. 
8. Except as specified in the Agreement, it is agreed that sharing of responsibilities as aforesaid and equity 
investment obligations thereto shall not in any way be a limitation of responsibility of the Lead Member under these 
presents. 
9. It is further specifically agreed that the financial liability for equity contribution of Lead Member shall, not 
be limited in any way so as to restrict or limit its liabilities. The Lead Member shall be liable irrespective of their 
scope of work or financial commitments. 
10. It is expressly understood and agreed between the Members that the responsibilities and obligations of each 
of the Members shall be as delineated as annexed hereto as Attachment - I to this Consortium Agreement, forming 
integral part of this Agreement. It is further agreed by the Members that the above sharing of responsibilities and 
obligations shall not in any way be a limitation of joint and several responsibilities and liabilities of the Members, 
with regards to all matters relating to the Project. 
11. It is clearly agreed that the Lead Member shall ensure performance under the Agreements and if one or more 
Consortium Members fail to perform its /their respective obligations under the Agreement(s), the same shall be 
deemed to be a default by all the Consortium Members. 
12. This Consortium Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the Laws of India and 
courts at Delhi alone shall have the exclusive jurisdiction in all matters relating thereto and arising there under. 
13. It is hereby agreed that the Lead Member shall furnish the bid security, on behalf of the Consortium Members. 
14. It is hereby agreed that in case of selection of Consortium as the Selected bidder, the parties to this Consortium 
Agreement do hereby agree that they shall furnish the Performance security in favor of the Authority, as stipulated in 
the RfP and Concession Agreement. 
15. It is further expressly agreed that the Consortium Agreement shall be irrevocable and shall form an integral 
part of the RfP Document and shall remain valid till the execution of the Concession Agreement, unless expressly 
agreed to the contrary by the CESL. 
16. It is hereby agreed that in case of selection of Consortium as the Selected bidder, the members of the 
Consortium shall form an SPV (Project Implementing Entity) to execute the Concession Agreement and implement 
the Project.  
17. The Lead Member is authorized and shall be fully responsible for the accuracy and veracity of the 
representations and information submitted by the Consortium Members respectively from time to time in response to 
the RfP and for the purposes of the Project. 
18. It is hereby expressly agreed between the parties to this Consortium Agreement that neither party shall assign 
or delegate its rights, duties or obligations under this Agreement except with the prior written consent of the CESL. 

--- Page 498 ---
 
PAGE | 32  
 
 
THIS CONSORTIUM AGREEMENT: 
a) has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of each party hereto and constitutes the legal, valid, binding 
and enforceable obligation of each such party, sets forth the entire understanding of the parties hereto with respect to 
the subject matter hereof; 
b) may not be amended or modified except in writing signed by each of the parties and with prior written consent 
of the CESL. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties to the Consortium Agreement have, through their authorized representatives, 
executed these present on the Day, Month and Year first mentioned above. 
 
For and on behalf of Consortium Member 1 (Party 1) 
M/s…………………………. 
 
.................................................... 
(Signature of authorized signatory) 
 
Name: ………………………….  
Designation: ............………………….  
Place: ……………………………….. 
Date: ………………………………… 
For and on behalf of Consortium Member 2 (Party 2) 
M/s…………………………. 
 
.................................................... 
(Signature of authorized signatory) 
 
Name: ……………………………  
Designation: …………………………… 
Place: ………………………………. 
Date:  ………………………………... 
 
Attested: 
……………………………….. 
(Signature) (Notary Public) 
 
Place: ………………………. 
Date:  ……………………….  

--- Page 499 ---
 
PAGE | 33  
 
 
Attachment - 1 to the Consortium Agreement 
 
Name of the Consortium 
Member 
Responsibilities under the Consortium Agreement 
 
M/s …………… (Party 1) 
 
 
M/s …………… 
 
 
M/s …………… (Party n) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

--- Page 500 ---
 
PAGE | 34  
 
 
ANNEXURE  8 - LETTER OF CONSENT FROM CONSORTIUM MEMBERS 
(On the letter head of each Member of the Consortium including Lead Member) 
 
Date: ………………………………… 
From: ………………………………… 
Tel. No.: …………………………………  
Fax No.: ………………………………… E-mail address: ……………………………... 
 
To, 
CGM (SCM) 
Convergence Energy Services Limited. 
9th Floor, Jeevan Prakash Building,  
25, KG Marg  
New Delhi – 110001 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: xxxxxxxxx 
 
We, the undersigned Member of ……… (Insert name of the Bidding Consortium) have read, examined and 
understood the document for “Request for Proposal (RfP) for Bid for Request for Proposal (RfP) for Selection of 
Bus Operator for Procurement, Supply, Operation & Maintenance and Development of Allied Electric & 
Civil Infrastructure on Gross Cost Contracting (GCC) for 2,900 Electric Buses under PM E-DRIVE Scheme 
Tender-II & 3,330 for Delhi totaling to 6,230 number of electric buses”. We hereby confirm our concurrence 
with the Bid including in particular the Consortium Agreement submitted by (Insert name of the Lead Member) in 
response to the RfP document. 
We hereby confirm our commitment to participate in the said Bidding Consortium and invest……. % of the total 
equity requirement for the Project as per the terms of the Consortium Agreement dated ……… and board resolution 
for such investment commitment is enclosed herewith. 
We hereby confirm that in accordance with Clause xxx of the RfP, we are enclosing a legally binding board resolution 
from the (Insert name of Parent Company/Associate, as the case may be) that all the equity investment obligations of 
(Insert name of the Member) shall be deemed to be equity investment obligations of the ………………… (Insert 
name of Parent Company/Associate, as the case may be) and in the event of any default by…(Insert name of the 
Member), the same shall be met by………………. (Insert name of Parent company/Associate, as the case may be). 
[Insert if applicable] 
 [To be inserted by the Lead Member only] We are also enclosing legally binding board resolution for the total equity 
requirement of the Project in case of any breach of any of the equity investment commitment by any of the Consortium 
Members, in line with the provisions of the Consortium Agreement dated    [Bidder to insert date of Consortium 
Agreement]. 
The details of contact person are furnished as under: 

--- Page 501 ---
 
PAGE | 35  
 
 
Name: ……………………………………. 
Designation: ……………………………………. 
Name of the Company: ……………………………………. 
Address: ……………………………………. 
Phone Nos.: ……………………………………. 
Fax Nos.: ……………………………………. 
E-mail address: ……………………………………. 
 
Dated the ……. day of of 20… 
 
Thanking you, Yours faithfully, 
………………………………… 
(Signature) 
 
Name: …………………………. 
Designation:  …………………………. 
 
 
(Signature, Name, Designation of Authorized Signatory of Consortium Member and Company's Seal) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

--- Page 502 ---
 
PAGE | 36  
 
 
ANNEXURE  9 - FORMATS FOR BOARD RESOLUTION 
Format 1 
Format of the Board resolution for the Bidder / each Member of the Consortium / Associate / Parent Company, 
where applicable 
 
[Note: The following resolution needs to be passed by the Boards of each of the entity/(ies) making equity investment] 
The Board, after discussion, at the duly convened Meeting on [Insert date], with the consent of all the Directors 
present and in compliance of the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956/2013, passed the following Resolution: 
RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956 / Companies Act 2013 (as the case may 
be) and compliance thereof and as permitted under the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the company, 
approval of the Board be and is hereby accorded for investment of……….% (……per cent) of the total investment 
required for Selection of Bus Operator for Procurement, Supply, Operation & Maintenance and Development of 
Allied Electric & Civil Infrastructure on Gross Cost Contracting (GCC) for 2,900 Electric Buses under PM E-DRIVE 
Scheme Tender-II & 3,330 for Delhi totaling to 6,230 number of electric buses (the “Project”). 
[Note: Equity investment obligations by the Bidder/each Member of the Bidding Consortium/investing Associate or 
Parent or Ultimate Parent should add up to 100%.] 
[Note: In the event the Bidder is a Bidding Consortium, the above-board resolution also needs to be passed by all 
Members of the Bidding Consortium] 
[Note: The following resolution no. 4 is to be provided by the Bidder / Lead Member of the Consortium only] 
FURTHER RESOLVED THAT MR/MS ……………………………..be and is hereby authorized to take all the steps 
required to be taken by the Company for submission of the Bid, including in particular, signing of the Bid, making 
changes thereto and submitting amended Bid, all the documents related to the Bid, certified copy of this Board 
resolution or letter or undertakings etc, required to be submitted to CESL as part of the Bid or such other documents 
as may be necessary in this regard. 
Certified True Copy 
 
Company  stamp to be affixed. 
[Notes: 
1. This certified true copy should be submitted on the letterhead of the Company, signed by the Company 
Secretary or  any Whole Time Director/ Manager (supported by a specific board resolution) of the Bidder or the Lead 
Member of Consortium. 
2. The contents of the format may be suitably re-worded indicating the identity of the entity passing the resolution, 
i.e., the Bidder, each Member of the Bidding Consortium. 
  

--- Page 503 ---
 
PAGE | 37  
 
 
Format 2 
 
Format for the Board resolution of Parent company/Associate (in case experience of such entity has been utilized 
by the Bidder or Bidding Consortium for fulfilling the qualification criteria) 
The Board, after discussion, at the duly convened Meeting on [Insert date], with 
the consent of all the Directors present and in compliance of the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956 / 2013, passed 
the following Resolution: 
RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956 / Companies Act, 2013 (as the case may 
be) and compliance thereof and as permitted under the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the company, approval 
of the Board be and is hereby accorded for issuing an Undertaking to the CESL, in the format specified in the RFP 
issued by the CESL, draft of which is attached hereto and initialed by the Chairman whereby the company 
undertakes to invest …………….percent (.... %) of the total equity share capital of Selection of Bus Operator for 
Procurement, Supply, Operation & Maintenance and Development of Allied Electric & Civil Infrastructure on Gross 
Cost Contracting (GCC) for 2,900 Electric Buses under PM E-DRIVE Scheme Tender-II & 3,330 for Delhi totaling 
to 6,230 number of electric buses (the “Project”) representing the entire amount proposed to be invested by
 [insert the name of the Bidder or Member] for the said Project, in case of failure of  [Insert the name of 
the Bidder or Member] to make such investment". 
FURTHER RESOLVED THAT___,be and is hereby authorized to take all the steps required to be taken by the 
Company, including in particular, signing the said Undertaking, submitting the same to the CESL through 
………………………………[Insert name of Bidder/Lead Member of the Consortium] of all the related documents, 
certified copy of this Board resolution or letter, undertakings etc, required to be submitted to CESL as part of the Bid or 
such other documents as may be necessary in this regard. 
 
Certified True Copy 
Company stamp to be affixed  
 
Note: 
1. This certified true copy should be submitted on the letterhead of the Company, signed by the Company 
Secretary or any Whole-time Director/Manager (supported by a specific board resolution) of Bidder or Lead Member 
of the Consortium. 
2. The contents of the format may be suitably re-worded indicating the identity of the entity passing the resolution. 
  

--- Page 504 ---
 
PAGE | 38  
 
 
ANNEXURE 10 - FORMAT FOR LETTER OF UNDERTAKING 
(To be on non-judicial stamp paper of appropriate value as per Stamp Act) 
[To be executed by the Parent Company/Associate Supported by Board Resolution* and submitted by the 
Bidder along with the Bid, in case Bidder is relying on the strength of its Parent Company/Associate for 
meeting the stipulated Financial/Technical Qualification] 
Ref.: NIT/Bid Document No.: 
Our Reference No ..........................................    Date: ...................... 
Bidder's Name and Address: 
To, 
CGM (SCM) 
Convergence Energy Services Limited. 
9th Floor, Jeevan Prakash Building,  
25, KG Marg, 
New Delhi – 110001 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
1. We, M/s (Name of the Parent Company/Associate) declare that we are the parent 
company/associate of M/s (Name of the Bidder) and have controlling interest therein. M/s................................... 
(Name of the Bidder) proposes to submit the bid for the Selection of Bus Operator for Procurement, Supply, 
Operation & Maintenance and Development of Allied Electric & Civil Infrastructure on Gross Cost Contracting 
(GCC) for 2,900 Electric Buses under PM E-DRIVE Scheme Tender-II & 3,330 for Delhi totaling to 6,230 
number of electric buses under RfP reference no.......................... dated. and have sought strength and support 
from us for meeting the stipulated Financial Qualifying Requirement as per Clause 9 of the RfP and its subsequent 
amendment. 
2. We hereby undertake that we hereby pledge our unconditional & irrevocable financial support for the 
execution of the said Project to M/s …….. (Name of the Bidder), for the execution of the Project, in case they 
are notified as the Selected Bidder under the provisions of the RfP. We further agree that this undertaking shall 
be without prejudice to the various liabilities that M/s (Name of Bidder) would be required to undertake in terms 
of the Agreement including the Performance Security as well as other obligations of M/s  (Name of the Bidder). 
3. This undertaking is irrevocable and unconditional and shall remain in force till the successful execution 
and performance of the entire Agreement and/or till it is discharged by CESL. 
4. We are herewith enclosing a copy of the Board Resolution* in support of this undertaking. 
 
Witness: 
Yours faithfully, 
(1) ................................... 
(Signature of Authorized Signatory) on behalf of the Parent Company/Associate  
Name &Designation ............................... 
(Seal of Holding Company)  
*Note: Bidder may strike off point no. 4 above, if board meeting could not be scheduled before bid submission 
date. The undertaking may be signed by either the Chairman of the Board or any other authorized person(s) 
who is authorized by the Board to act on behalf of the Company for PM E-DRIVE Tender for the Parent 

--- Page 505 ---
 
PAGE | 39  
 
 
Company/ Associate.   

--- Page 506 ---
 
PAGE | 40  
 
 
ANNEXURE 11 – FORMAT FOR AFFIDAVIT 
(To be on non-judicial stamp paper of appropriate value as per Stamp Act) 
We [including any of our Parent company, Associate and Consortium Member], hereby declare that as on Bid Due 
Date: 
a. the Bidder & any of its Associate including any Consortium Member, their directors or key 
personnel have not been barred or included in the blacklist by any government agency or authority in India, the 
government of the jurisdiction of the Bidder or Members where they are incorporated or the jurisdiction of their 
principal place of business, or by any international financial institution such as the World Bank Group, Asian 
Development Bank, African Development Bank, Inter-American Development Bank, Asian Infrastructure 
Investment Bank etc. or the United Nations or any of its agencies. 
b. the Bidder & any of its Associate including any Consortium Member & any of its Associate or their 
directors have not been convicted of any offence in India or abroad. 
c. We further declare that following investigations are pending / no investigation is pending [strike 
off whichever is not applicable] against us [including any of our Consortium Member or Associate or Parent] 
or CEO or any of our directors/ manager/key managerial personnel of the Applicant /Consortium Member or 
their Associate. 
d. We further undertake to inform the CESL of any such matter as mentioned above on its occurrence 
after the date of this affidavit till the Effective Date. 
e. We undertake that, in case, any information provided in relation to this affidavit is found incorrect 
at any time hereafter, our Bid / LoCQ  / concession agreement (if executed) would stand rejected / recalled / 
terminated, as the case may be. 
 
 
……………………………………. 
Signature and Name of the authorized signatory of the Bidder / Lead Member of the Bidding Consortium 
 
………………………….. (Signature of Notary Public) 
 
Place: ………………………… 
Date: ………………………… 
 
Note: In case any investigation is pending against the Applicant, including any Consortium Member or Associate, 
or CEO or any of the directors/ manager/key managerial personnel of the Applicant /Consortium /Member or their 
Associate, full details of such investigation including the name of the investigating agency, the charge/offence 
for which the investigation has been launched, name and designation of persons against whom the investigation 
has been launched and other relevant information should be disclosed under this affidavit.

--- Page 507 ---
 
PAGE | 41  
 
 
ANNEXURE 12A- FINANCIAL QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENT (Clause 9.2 D-2 of the 
RfP) 
FORMAT FOR FINANCIAL QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENT (NETWORTH) 
 
 
To, 
CGM (SCM) 
Convergence Energy Services Limited. 
9th Floor, Jeevan Prakash Building,  
25, KG Marg,  
New Delhi – 110001 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Bid for Request for Proposal (RfP) for Selection of Bus Operator for Procurement, Supply, 
Operation & Maintenance and Development of Allied Electric & Civil Infrastructure on Gross Cost 
Contracting (GCC) for 2,900 Electric Buses under PM E-DRIVE Scheme Tender-II & 3,330 for Delhi 
totaling to 6,230 number of electric buses 
1. [Note: Applicable in case of Bidder] 
We certify that the (Name of Bidder/Parent Company/Associate had a Net worth of Rs____Crore 
computed as per provisions of the RfP based on unconsolidated audited annual accounts as provided in 
Clause 9.2 of the RfP, as on the last day of the preceding Financial year. Also, the Net worth has not 
eroded by more than 30% (thirty percent) in the last three financial years.  
 
Name of Bidder/Parent 
company/Associate 
Relationship with 
Bidder* 
Financial Year Net worth (Rs. 
Crore)** 
    
    
    
Total Net worth   
   
* The column for “Relationship with Bidder” is to be filled in only in case financial capability of 
Parent/Associate has been used for meeting Qualification Requirements. 
**The net worth of last 3 years to be provided in the table. 
 
Yours faithfully 

--- Page 508 ---
 
PAGE | 42  
 
 
 
 
……………………………………… 
(Signature and name of the authorized signatory of the Bidder and Stamp) 
 
Name : ………………………………….  
Date : ………………………………….  
Place  : …………………………………. 
 
 
………………………………………… 
(Signature and Stamp of statutory Auditors of Bidder) 
 
Name : ………………………………….  
Date : …………………………………. 
Place  : …………………………………. 
Notes: 
 
1. Along with the above format, in a separate sheet, please provide details of computation of Net worth 
of last three (3) financial years duly certified by Statutory Auditor. 
2. Audited consolidated annual accounts of the Bidder may be used for the purpose of financial criteria 
provided the Bidder has at least 26% equity in each company whose accounts are merged in the 
audited consolidated accounts and provided further that the financial capability of such companies 
(of which accounts are being merged in the consolidated accounts) shall not be considered again for 
the purpose of evaluation of the Bid. 
3. In case Bidder takes recourse to its Parent/Associate for meeting financial requirements, then the 
financial years considered for such purpose should be same for the Bidder and their respective Parent 
/ Associate. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 509 ---
 
PAGE | 43  
 
 
FORMAT FOR FINANCIAL QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENT (MINIMUM AVERAGE 
ANNUAL TURNOVER) 
(to be provided cumulatively in case bid is being submitted for more than one lot) 
 
To, 
CGM (SCM) 
Convergence Energy Services Limited. 
9th Floor, Jeevan Prakash Building,  
25, KG Marg, 
New Delhi – 110001 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Bid for Request for Proposal (RfP) for Selection of Bus Operator for Procurement, Supply, 
Operation & Maintenance and Development of Allied Electric & Civil Infrastructure on Gross Cost 
Contracting (GCC) for 2,900 Electric Buses under PM E-DRIVE Scheme Tender-II & 3,330 for Delhi 
totaling to 6,230 number of electric buses 1. [Note: Applicable in case of Bidder] 
We certify that the (Name of Bidder/Parent Company/Associate had a Minimum Average Annual 
Turnover (MAAT) INR____Crore computed as per provisions of the RfP based on unconsolidated 
audited annual accounts, calculated as an average turnover of the last 3 years, as mentioned in Clause 
9.2 of the RfP.  
Name of 
Bidder/Parent 
company/ 
Associate/ 
Consortium 
Member(s) 
Share-
holding % 
in the 
consortium 
Relationship 
with 
Bidder* 
Financial 
Year 
Total 
MAAT 
(Rs. 
Crore)** 
MAAT 
contribution 
utilized for 
the purpose 
of this 
Bid*** 
Cumulative 
MAAT 
requirement 
for the Lots 
under the 
Bid^ 
       
      
      
Total MAAT (Average of 3 years)    
* The column for “Relationship with Bidder” is to be filled in only in case financial capability of 
Parent/Associate has been used for meeting Qualification Requirements. 
** The MAAT of last three financial years to be provided. 
*** The MAAT of the Individual Bidder/ Consortium Members will be evaluated cumulatively in case 
of multiple Bid being submitted by the Bidder. In case of shortfall in financial capacity of any Member 

--- Page 510 ---
 
PAGE | 44  
 
 
as per the above declaration, the Bids will be evaluated as per provision 9.3 of the RfP. 
^ To be filled by the Bidder by cumulating the MAAT requirement of all the Lots for which the Bid is 
being submitted by the Bidder. 
 
 
Yours faithfully 
 
 
……………………………………… 
(Signature and name of the authorized signatory of the Bidder and Stamp) 
 
Name : ………………………………….  
Date : ………………………………….  
Place  : …………………………………. 
 
 
………………………………………… 
(Signature and Stamp of statutory Auditors of Bidder) 
 
Name : ………………………………….  
Date : …………………………………. 
Place  : …………………………………. 
 
Notes: 
1. Audited consolidated annual accounts of the Bidder may be used for the purpose of financial criteria 
provided the Bidder has at least 26% equity in each company whose accounts are merged in the 
audited consolidated accounts and provided further that the financial capability of such companies 
(of which accounts are being merged in the consolidated accounts) shall not be considered again for 
the purpose of evaluation of the Bid. 
2. In case Bidder takes recourse to its Parent/Associate for meeting financial requirements, then the 
financial years considered for such purpose should be same for the Bidder and their respective Parent 
/ Associate. 
 
 
  

--- Page 511 ---
 
PAGE | 45  
 
 
ANNEXURE 12B- FINANCIAL QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENT (Clause 9.2 E-2 of the RfP)  
FORMAT FOR FINANCIAL QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENT (NETWORTH) 
 
 
 
To, 
CGM (SCM) 
Convergence Energy Services Limited. 
9th Floor, Jeevan Prakash Building,  
25, KG Marg, 
New Delhi – 110001 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Bid for Request for Proposal (RfP) for Selection of Bus Operator for Procurement, Supply, 
Operation & Maintenance and Development of Allied Electric & Civil Infrastructure on Gross Cost 
Contracting (GCC) for 2,900 Electric Buses under PM E-DRIVE Scheme Tender-II & 3,330 for Delhi 
totaling to 6,230 number of electric buses 
1. [Note: Applicable in case of Bidder/Lead member of consortium duly certified by statutory 
auditor of Bidder/Lead member] 
We certify that the (Name of Bidder/Parent Company/Associate had a Net worth of INR____computed 
as per provisions of the RfP based on unconsolidated audited annual accounts (refer Note-2 below), as 
provided in Clause 9.2 of the RfP.  
Name of 
Bidder/Pare
nt company/ 
Associate/ 
Consortium 
Member 
Share-
holding % 
in the 
consortium 
Relationship 
with 
Bidder* 
Financial 
Year 
Total Net 
worth 
(Rs. 
Crore)** 
Net worth 
contribution 
utilized for 
the purpose 
of this 
Bid*** 
Cumulative 
Net worth 
requirement 
for the Lots 
under the 
Bid^ 
       
      
      
Total Net worth    
 
* The column for “Relationship with Bidder” is to be filled in only in case financial capability of 
Parent/Associate has been used for meeting Qualification Requirements. 
**The net worth of last financial year to be provided. 

--- Page 512 ---
 
PAGE | 46  
 
 
*** The Net worth of the Individual Bidder/ Consortium Members will be evaluated cumulatively in 
case of multiple Bid being submitted by the Bidder. In case of shortfall in financial capacity of any 
Member as per the above declaration, the Bids will be evaluated as per provision 9.3 of the RfP. 
^ To be filled by the Bidder by cumulating the Net worth requirement of all the Lots for which the Bid 
is being submitted by the Bidder. 
2. [Note: Applicable in case of Consortium duly certified by statutory auditor each Consortium 
member other than Lead member] We certify that the (Name of consortium members other than Lead 
Member ) had a positive Net worth computed as per instructions in the RfP and based on 
unconsolidated audited annual accounts (refer Note-2 below) as provided in Clause 9.2 of the RfP.  
Name of 
Consortium 
Member 
Equity 
Commitment in 
the Project (%) 
Financial 
Year 
Net worth of 
Member 
(Rs. Crore)* 
Whether the Member 
meets the Net worth 
Requirement 
1 2 3 4  5 
1. ……………      Yes / No 
2. ……………      Yes / No 
Total Net worth for financial requirement      
The above certificate is to be provided separately by each Member of the Consortium 
*The net worth of last financial year to be provided in the table 
 
 
 
Yours faithfully 
 
 
……………………………………… 
(Signature and name of the authorized signatory of the Bidder/each member of the Consortium and 
Stamp) 
 
Name : ………………………………….  
 
Place  : …………………………………. 
 
 
………………………………………… 
(Signature and Stamp of statutory Auditors of Bidder / each Member of Consortium) 

--- Page 513 ---
 
PAGE | 47  
 
 
 
Name : ………………………………….  
Date : …………………………………. 
Place  : …………………………………. 
 
Notes: 
1. Audited consolidated annual accounts of the Bidder may be used for the purpose of financial criteria 
provided the Bidder has at least 26% equity in each company whose accounts are merged in the 
audited consolidated accounts and provided further that the financial capability of such companies 
(of which accounts are being merged in the consolidated accounts) shall not be considered again 
for the purpose of evaluation of the Bid. 
2. In case Bidder or a Member of Consortium takes recourse to its Parent/Associate for meeting 
financial requirements, then the financial years considered for such purpose should be same for the 
Bidder / Member of Consortium and their respective Parent / Associate. 
 
 

--- Page 514 ---
 
PAGE | 48  
 
 
ANNEXURE 13  - Details of Eligible Projects 
 
Item 
 
 
Particulars of the Project 
 
Title & nature of the project  
Category  
Year-wise (a) payments received/ made for construction, (b) 
payments made for development of Eligible Projects and/ or (c) 
revenues appropriated 
 
Entity for which the project 
was constructed/ developed 
 
Location  
Project cost  
Date of commencement of 
project/ contract 
 
Date of completion/ 
commissioning 
 
Equity shareholding 
(with period during which equity was held) 
 
Whether credit is being taken for the Eligible Experience of 
an Associate (Yes/ No) 
 
 
Signature of Authorised Signatory of Bidder/Member of Consortium 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 515 ---
 
PAGE | 49  
 
 
 
ANNEXURE 14A - FORMAT FOR TECHNICAL QUALIFICATION CRITERIA 
 
 
To, 
CGM (SCM) 
Convergence Energy Services Limited. 
9th Floor, Jeevan Prakash Building,  
25, KG Marg,   
New Delhi – 110001 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Bid for Request for Proposal (RfP) for Selection of Bus Operator for Procurement, Supply, 
Operation & Maintenance and Development of Allied Electric & Civil Infrastructure on Gross Cost 
Contracting (GCC) for 2,900 Electric Buses under PM E-DRIVE Scheme Tender-II & 3,330 for 
Delhi totaling to 6,230 number of electric buses 
We certify that M/s. ………….. (Insert name of Bidder) meets the technical qualification criteria stipulated 
in clause 9 of the RfP, which is as follows: 
1. Manufactured and supplied Electric Buses in the past period commencing from 01st April of the previous 
financial year till Bid Due Date 
 
2. Manufactured and supplied at least 25 ‘Electric Buses’ in at least one of the last five financial years’ or 
in the current financial year. 
3. Available capacity for the next 2 years (Month wise) for Electric Buses  
 
  
Notes: 
License of manufacturing buses: Proof of manufacturing and sale like Work order, supply agreements, 
contract etc. (clearly mentioning the no. of unit sold, customer name and date of supply), proof of 
manufacturing capacity available and proof of delivery to be provided as supporting documents. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

--- Page 516 ---
 
PAGE | 50  
 
 
ANNEXURE 14B - FORMAT FOR TECHNICAL QUALIFICATION CRITERIA 
 
Applicant 
type # 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name of the 
Eligible 
Project 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Experience¥ 
(Equivalent Rs. crore)$$ 
Total 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Payments made/ received for construction of Eligible Projects Payments made for development of Eligible Projects  
Revenues 
appropriated 
from Eligible Projects  
Single 
Bidder/Lead 
Member 
     
     
     
     
Consortium 
Member 1 
     
     
     
     
 
 
(Signature and Stamp of statutory Auditors of Bidder / each Member of Consortium) 
 
Name : ………………………………….  
Date : …………………………………. 
Place  : ………………………………. 
Note: 
Provide details of only those projects that have been undertaken by the Applicant under its own 
name and/ or by an Associate. Further, kindly note that any project used for a Bid may not be 
used again for any other separate Bid. 
# An Applicant consisting of a single entity should fill in details as per the row titled Single 
Bidder and ignore the rows titled Consortium Member. In case of a Consortium, the relevant 
rows are to be used. In case credit is claimed for an Associate, necessary evidence to establish 
the relationship of the Applicant with such Associate is to be provided. Add more rows if 
necessary. 
 
 

--- Page 517 ---
 
PAGE | 51  
 
 
 
 
ANNEXURE 15 - RELATIONSHIP & DETAILS OF EQUITY SHAREHOLDING 
[To be filled by Bidder / each Member of the Bidding Consortium including Lead Member if credentials of 
Parent and / or Associates have been used by them] 
 
To, 
CGM (SCM) 
Convergence Energy Services Limited. 
9th Floor, Jeevan Prakash Building,  
25, KG Marg, 
New Delhi – 110001 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Bid for Request for Proposal (RfP) for Selection of Bus Operator for Procurement, Supply, Operation 
& Maintenance and Development of Allied Electric & Civil Infrastructure on Gross Cost Contracting (GCC) 
for 2,900 Electric Buses under PM E-DRIVE Scheme Tender-II & 3,330 for Delhi totaling to 6,230 number 
of electric buses . 
 
We certify that M/s. …………. (insert name of the Bidder / Consortium Members) have considered the 
technical and financial capability of its Parent and / or Associate, for the purpose of meeting Qualification 
Requirements as per the instructions provided in the RfP. The name of Parent and / or Associate, nature of 
relationship(s) with such Parent and / or Associate and details of equity holding are as follows: 
Name of Company 
whose credentials 
considered 
Type of credentials 
considered (technical 
and / or financial) 
Relationship with Bidder 
/ Consortium Member 
(Parent / Associate) 
Details of equity 
shareholding (refer 
notes below) 
Company 1       
…………….       
…………….       
…………….       
……………..       
 
NOTES: 
i. In case of Parent, the equity holding of the Parent in the Bidder / Member of the Bidding 
Consortium, including the Lead Member of the Consortium, need to be specified. 
ii. In case of Associate under direct control of Bidder, the equity holding of the Bidder / Member of 
the Bidding Consortium, including the Lead Member of the Consortium in the Associate, needs to be 

--- Page 518 ---
 
PAGE | 52  
 
 
specified. 
iii. In case of Associate under common control of Parent, the equity holding of the Parent in the 
Associate of the Bidder / Member of the Bidding Consortium, including the Lead Member of the 
Consortium, needs to be specified. 
 iv. Relationship of Parent / Associate with Bidder / Member of Consortium to be on the date which 
falls within 7 days prior to the Bid Due Date 
 
Yours faithfully 
 
……………………………… 
(Signature and name of the authorized signatory of the Company and stamp) 
 
Name: ………………………… 
Date: ………………………… 
Place: ………………………… 
 
 
…………………………………… 
(Signature and Stamp of statutory Auditors of Bidder / each Member of Bidding Consortium) 
 
Name: …………………………….. 
Date: …………………………….. 
Place: …………………………….. 
Date: …………………………….. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

--- Page 519 ---
 
PAGE | 53  
 
 
ANNEXURE 16 - FORM OF ACCEPTANCE OF FRAUD PREVENTION POLICY 
(On the letter head) 
 
 
To, 
CGM (SCM) 
Convergence Energy Services Limited. 
9th Floor, Jeevan Prakash Building,  
25, KG Marg,  
New Delhi – 110001 
 
 
Sub: Letter of Acceptance of CESL Fraud Policy Ref: NIT/BID Document No.:- 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
We have read the contents of the Fraud Prevention Policy of CESL and undertake that we along with our 
associate/ suppliers/sub-contractors / sub-vendors / bidders/ service providers shall strictly abide by the 
provisions of the Fraud Prevention Policy of CESL as well as the relevant provisions of RfP. 
 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
 
Signature ……………………………   Printed Name ……………………………. 
Designation…………………………   Common Seal ……………………………. 
 
Date: 
Place: 
 
 
 
FOR DETAILED POLICY, PLEASE VISIT OUR WEBSITE https://eeslindia.org/en/eesl-policies/ 
  

--- Page 520 ---
 
PAGE | 54  
 
 
ANNEXURE 17 - NO BLACKLISTING CERTIFICATE 
{Notarization is required} 
Format of self-certificate stating that Bidder(s) or its Parent/Associate   are not blacklisted (To be on 
non-judicial stamp paper of appropriate value as per Stamp Act) 
[All Consortium Members should provide in case Bidder is a Consortium] 
 
M/s ........................ (Name of the Bidder), (the names and addresses of the registered office) hereby certify 
and confirm that we or our parent/associate (not barred by Government of India (GoI)/ any state government/ 
any other entity of Central or State Govts or blacklisted by any State Government or Central Government / 
Department / Local Government Agency in India from participating in Project/s, either individually or as 
member of a Consortium. 
 
We further confirm that we are aware that our Bid for the Project would be summarily rejected and appropriate 
action as per terms and conditions of RfP in case any material misrepresentation is made or discovered with 
regard to the requirements of this RFP at any stage of the Bidding Process or thereafter during the agreement 
period. 
 
 
 
Dated this ............................................................ Day of ……………………………. (Year). 
 
 
 
 
Signature of bidder with stamp & Address 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

--- Page 521 ---
 
PAGE | 55  
 
 
ANNEXURE 18 - SELF-DECLARATION FOR TESTING CERTIFICATE 
(to be signed and submitted by bidder or a member of consortium) 
 
(To be submitted on Bidder’s letter head) 
 
To, 
CGM (SCM) 
Convergence Energy Services Limited  
9th Floor, Jeevan Prakash Building,  
25, KG Marg  
New Delhi – 110001 
 
Sub: For providing testing certificate at the time of delivery 
 
Ref: NIT/BID Document No.: 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
 
We hereby confirm and declare that we, M/s <<Name >, <<Address>.> (name of Bidder) will provide the 
bus type approval certificate (CMVR certificate), homologation certificate for  the Electric Bus (100% battery 
operated) from the designated testing center in India. i.e., ARAI/ICAT/CIRT/ GARC/ VRDE on or before 
prototype bus inspection. 
 
  
Thanking You. 
  
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
Signature Printed Name- 
 
Designation- 
 
Common Seal...... 
 
 
  

--- Page 522 ---
 
PAGE | 56  
 
 
ANNEXURE 19 - CERTFICATE REGARDING DECLARATION OF INDIGENIZATION 
REQUIREMENT 
(to be signed and submitted by bidder or a member of consortium) 
 (To be submitted on Bidder’s letter head) 
To, 
CGM(SCM) 
Convergence Energy Services Limited  
9th Floor, Jeevan Prakash Building,  
25, KG Marg,  
New Delhi – 110001 
 
Sub: DECLARATION OF INDIGENIZATION REQUIREMENT 
 
Ref: NIT/Bid Document No: ............................................................................................................ 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
This is to certify that products offered for the Project (RfP Ref. _________ )  by M/s. (name of Bidder), are 
in compliance with the following requirement and the bidder shall strictly abide by all provisions of the subject 
notification and details mentioned below. 
 
1. As per Phased Manufacturing Program (PMP) guidelines issued by Gazette notification of Ministry 
of Heavy Industries (MHI) notified on 03rd March 2025; S.O. 1078 (E)-PM Electric Drive Revolution in 
innovative vehicle enhancement (PM E-DRIVE) Scheme and Operational Guidelines for PM E-DRIVE 
Scheme. or as updated/applicable from time to time along with any latest guidelines issued by MHI on PMP 
for Electric Vehicle (e-Buses) as applicable. 
2. Phased Manufacturing Program (PMP) for EV public charging stations  issued by Ministry of Heavy 
Industries (MHI) as notified on 29th September 2024 S,O.4259(E.)- PM Electric Drive Revolution in 
innovative vehicle enhancement (PM E-DRIVE) Scheme or as updated/applicable from time to time along 
with any latest guidelines issued by MHI on PMP for EV Chargers as applicable.  
 
Thanking You,  
Yours faithfully, 
 
Signature (Statutory Auditor/ Cost Auditor/ Practicing CA – As applicable) 
 
 
………………………………… 
Printed Name……………………………. Seal……………………… 
UDIN No ………………………… Date……………. 
Place……………………… 

--- Page 523 ---
 
PAGE | 57  
 
 
ANNEXURE 20 - CERTIFICATE REGARDING COMPLIANCE OF MeitY NOTIFICATION  
(to be signed and submitted by bidder or a member of consortium) 
 
(To be submitted on Bidder’s letter head) 
To, 
CGM(SCM) 
Convergence Energy Services Limited.  
9th Floor, Jeevan Prakash Building,  
25, KG Marg, 
New Delhi – 110001 
 
Sub: Compliance of MeitY notification vide File No. 1(10)/2017−CLES dt. 02.07.18 
NIT/Bid Document No : 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
This is to certify that the products/items being offered/ under the Project (RfP Ref. _________ ) by M/s (Name 
of the Bidder) meet the definition of domestically manufactured/produced Cyber Security Products as per 
Para 4 of MeitY notification vide File no. 1(10)/2017−CLES dt. 02.07.18 and the _____ (name of bidder) 
shall strictly abide by all provisions of the subject notification. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
Date: ……………………………. Place: …………………………… 
  
Signature (Chartered Accountant) 
………………………………................. 
 
Printed Name……………………………. 
 
Seal……………………………………… UDIN No: ………………………………….. 
  
P.S. In case any complaint is received at CESL end against the bidder regarding supply of domestically 
manufactured/produced Cyber Security Products, the same shall be refereed to STQC, an attached office of 
MeitY 
  

--- Page 524 ---
 
PAGE | 58  
 
 
ANNEXURE 21 - CERTFICATE REGARDING DECLARATION OF LOCAL CONTENT 
 
[On the Letter Head of Bidder] 
 
 
To, 
CGM (SCM) 
Convergence Energy Services Limited.  
9th Floor, Jeevan Prakash Building,  
25, KG Marg  
New Delhi – 110001 
 
Sub: Compliance of Minimum Local Content Requirement as mentioned in Ministry of Commerce and 
Industry Trade and order – reg.  
 
Ref: NIT/Bid Document No: ………………………………………… 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
This is to certify that following is the local content percentage …………………. being offered under the 
Project (RfP No. _________ ) by M/s (Name of Bidder) are in compliance with Government of India 
Guidelines for Make in India, domestically manufactured products, Atmanirbhar Bharat and circulars. DIPP 
Office Memorandum No. P-45021/2/2017-PP (BE-II)-Part(4) (Vol.II) date: 19th July. 2024, or any latest 
revision issued from time to time. 
 
Sr. No Item/s Percentage of Local Content 
1  ____________________   
 
Thanking You,  
Yours faithfully, 
 
Signature (Chartered Accountant/ Certified Cost Auditor – As applicable) 
 
 
………………………………………… 
Printed Name……………………………. Seal……………………… 
UDIN No ………………………… Date……………. 
Place……………………… 
 
  

--- Page 525 ---
 
PAGE | 59  
 
 
ANNEXURE 22 - COMPLIANCE FOR LAND BORDER RESTRICTIONS 
Declaration regarding “Restrictions on procurement from a Bidder of a country which shares a land 
border with India” 
(To be submitted on Bidder’s Letter Head) 
To, 
CGM (SCM) 
Convergence Energy Services Limited 
9th Floor, Jeevan Prakash Building,  
25, KG Marg, 
New Delhi – 110001 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
I have read and understood the provisions of order no. F.7/10/2021-PPD (1) Dated 23.02.2023 regarding 
“Exclusions from Restriction under Rule 144(xi) of General Financial Rules” issued by Public Procurement 
Division, Department of Expenditure, Ministry of Finance, Government of India [hereinafter collectively 
“DoE Order’’].  
 
AND 
 
I have read and understood the clause regarding restrictions on procurement from a ‘Bidder of a country 
which shares a land border with India’ and on sub-contracting to contractors from such countries.   
 
AND 
 
I certify that this bidder is not from such a country or, if from such a country, has been registered as per 
provisions of the requisite Order/Circular/Document with the Competent Authority and will not subcontract 
any work to a subcontractor/sub vendor from such countries unless such contractor is registered with 
Competent Authority. I hereby certify that this bidder fulfils all requirements in this regard and is eligible to 
be considered. [Where applicable, evidence of valid registration by the Competent Authority shall be 
attached.] 
 
AND  
 
I have read the clause regarding restrictions on procurement from a Bidder having Transfer of Technology 
(ToT) arrangement. I certify that this Bidder does not have any ToT arrangement registration with competent 
authority OR “ I have read the clause regarding restriction on procurement from a Bidder having transfer of 
Technology (ToT) arrangement. I certify that this Bidder has valid registration to participate in this 
procurement.”  
 
AND 
 
“I certify that the …..(product/service)” for supplied, installed, commissioned under this procurement would 
not be from such a country or, if from such a country, has been registered with the Competent Authority. I 
hereby certify that the………(product/services)” for ----------supplied under this procurement fulfills all 
requirements in this regard and is eligible to be considered.  [Where applicable, evidence of valid registration 
by the Competent Authority shall be attached.] 
 
AND 
  
I further declare that any misrepresentation or submission of false/forged document/information in this 

--- Page 526 ---
 
PAGE | 60  
 
 
regard shall be dealt with as per the provisions of RfP Documents and/or CESL’s policy and procedures. 
 
 
Date:         Seal of Organization & Signature 
Place:        of Authorized Applicant  
  

--- Page 527 ---
 
PAGE | 61  
 
 
ANNEXURE 23 - REAL TIME GROSS SETTELMENT (RTGS)/ NATIONAL ELECTRONIC FUND 
TRANASFER (NEFT) 
 
From: M/s 
 
Subject: RTGS/NEFT Payments 
We are agreeing to accept admissible payments through electronic mode viz RTGS/NEFT. For this, we are 
providing the requisite information herein below. The RTGS/NEFT charges for the above facility may be 
deducted/Recovered from our admissible payment. 
Name Of City   
Bank Code No.   
Branch Code No.   
Bank’s Name   
Branch Address   
Branch Telephone/ Fax No.   
Supplier Account No.   
Type of Account   
IFSC Code for NEFT   
IFSC Code for RTGS   
Supplier’s name as per Account   
Telephone No. of Supplier   
Supplier’s E-mail ID   
GST No. of the supplier   
 
A cancelled cheque against above bank account number is also being enclosed. 
 
Encl: As above: - 
 
 
Confirmed by Banker       Signature of supplier 
with Seal        with Stamp & Address 
  

--- Page 528 ---
 
PAGE | 62  
 
 
ANNEXURE 24 - DECLARATION FOR QUOTED LOTS BY THE BIDDER 
(to be submitted on the letterhead of the Bidder) 
 
RfP Ref :  ……………………………………………………………………………… 
 
Description: “Selection of Bus Operator for Procurement, Supply, Operation & Maintenance and 
Development of Allied Electric & Civil Infrastructure on Gross Cost Contracting (GCC) for 2,900 Electric 
Buses under PM E-DRIVE Scheme Tender-II & 3,330 for Delhi totaling to 6,230 number of electric buses  
 
To, 
CGM (SCM) 
Convergence Energy Services Limited. 
9th Floor, Jeevan Prakash Building,  
25, KG Marg, 
New Delhi – 110001 
 
Subject: Declaration for the Quoted Lots by bidder in the Tender 
 
With reference to RfP Ref:______, I/we hereby declare that I/we, have quoted for the following Lots for the 
above-referred Tender. 
The Lot-wise details are as follows: 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Lot No.  City  No. of 
buses 
 
 
 
Participated 
(Yes or NO) 
Techno-Financial qualification criteria met 
(D-1 and D-2) or (E-1 and E-2) 
Bidder to mention the qualification criteria met 
i.e. either (D-1 and D-2) or (E-1 and E-2) as per 
Clause 9.1 of RfP 
1 Lot 1 Pune 200   
2 Lot 2 Pune 800   
3 Lot 3 Mumbai 1500  
4 Lot 4 Ahmedabad 200  
5 Lot 5  Hyderabad 200  
6 Lot 6  Delhi 500  
7 Lot 7 Delhi 2330  
8 Lot 8 Delhi 500  
 
Signature of Bidder with stamp & Address 
Note: 

--- Page 529 ---
 
PAGE | 63  
 
 
1. The bidder must mandatorily submit the declaration as above. 
2. The bid shall be evaluated based on this declaration only. The Lot wise details of the above 
table vary from the format in the e-price bid appearing in the portal. It is the responsibility of 
the bidder to check the correctness of the declaration form vis-à-vis submitted price bid.   
 
3. Your declared lot(s) in the declaration format should match your response in the e-price bid. 
In case of any contradiction between the two, the declaration in the above table will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 530 ---
 
PAGE | 64  
 
 
 
  

--- Page 531 ---
 
PAGE | 65  
 
 
ANNEXURE 25 –NIL DEVIATION STATEMENT 
 
(Please note that this is NIL deviation bid. Any deviation in the 
bid is not acceptable and may lead to rejection of the bid 
submitted by the bidder. Bidder to fill NIL in this form). 
 
Name of Work: Selection of Bus Operator for Procurement, Supply, Operation & Maintenance and 
Development of Allied Electric & Civil Infrastructure on Gross Cost Contracting (GCC) for 2,900 Electric 
Buses under PM E-DRIVE Scheme Tender-II & 3,330 for Delhi totaling to 6,230 number of electric buses 
Name and Address: 
To, 
CGM (CONTRACTS) 
Convergence Energy Services Limited.  
9th Floor, Jeevan Prakash Building,  
25, KG Marg,  
New Delhi – 110001 
 
Dear Sir, 
Please find below details: 
A COMMERCIAL DEVIATIONS NIL 
B TECHNICAL DEVIATIONS NIL 
 
  
 
Date:  
Place:
 
(Signature)……………………. 
(Printed Name)……………………..
(Designation)............................... 
(Common Seal) ................................... 
Note: Continuations sheets of like size and format may be used as per Bidder's requirement. 
 
 
 
 
Annexure 26: Certificate of Available Production Capacity 

--- Page 532 ---
 
PAGE | 66  
 
 
(To be submitted by OEM on their letter head) 
 
 
 
To, 
CGM (Contracts) 
Convergence Energy Services Limited. 
9th Floor, Jeevan Prakash Building,  
25, Kasturba Gandhi Marg, 
New Delhi – 110001 
 
Bidder to use his own format for Certificate Regarding Available Production Capacity by 
Practicing Chartered Accountant (CA) with UDIN, Indicating the following: 
 
(a) Month wise Manufacturing Capacity for next 2 years (in Nos.) for Electric Buses, along with 
name & address of manufacturing plant(s). 
 
(b) Month wise Commitment* for supply of Electric Buses under other contracts of the Bidder for 
next 2 years (Month wise) 
 
(c) Available capacity for the next 2 years (Month wise) for Electric Buses  
 
 
Note: The month wise capacity will be considered from Bid due date.* Commitment also includes the 
quantity for which bidder has emerged as L1 bidder as on the date of bid submission.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 533 ---
 
PAGE | 67  
 
 
 
