--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
 
TGSRTC 
 
TENDER FOR IMPLEMENTATION 
OF 
Electric Bus Management System (EBMS) 
IN TGSRTC  
Tender No: Dy.CTM(IT)/EBMS(01)/2026-IT 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
DISCLAIMER 
                            
                  The information contained in this Tender document/Request for Proposal (RFP) or 
subsequent clarifications provided to Tenderers and amendments, whether in document or 
verbal or any other form by or on behalf of Telangana State Road Transp ort Corporation 
(TGSRTC) by any of its employees or advisors is provided to Tenderers on the terms and 
conditions set out in this Tender document/RFP and such other terms and conditions subject 
to which such information is provided.  
 
                  The purpose of this Tender document is to provide interested parties with 
information that may be useful to them in eliciting their proposals pursuant to this Tender 
document. This Tender document may not be appropriate for all persons and it is not possible 
for TGSRTC, its employees or advisors to consider the investment objectives, financial situation 
and particular needs of each party who reads or uses this Tender document.  
 
                 This Tender document includes statements, which reflect various assumptions and 
assessments made by TGSRTC in relation to the Contract. Such assumptions, assessments and 
statements do not purport to contain all the information that each Tenderer may require.  
 
                 The assumptions, assessments, statements and information contained in this Tender 
document, may not be complete, accurate, adequate or correct. Each Tenderer should, 
therefore, conduct his/its own investigations and analysis and should check the accuracy, 
adequacy, correctness, reliability and comp leteness of the assumptions, assessments, 
statements and information contained in this Tender document and obtain independent advice 
from appropriate sources.  
 
                 Information provided in this document to the Tenderer(s) is on a wide range of  
matters, some of which depend upon interpretation of law. The information given is not an 
exhaustive account of statutory requirements and should not be regarded as a complete or 
authoritative statement of law. TGSRTC accepts no responsibility for the accuracy or otherwise 
for any interpretation or opinion on law expressed herein.  
              
                 TGSRTC, its employees and advisors make no representation or warranty and shall 
have no liability to any person, including any Applicant or Tender er under any law, statute, 
rules or regulations or tort, principles of restitution for unjust enrichment or otherwise for any 
loss, damages, cost or expense which may arise from or be incurred or suffered on account of 
anything contained in this Tender doc ument or otherwise, including the accuracy, adequacy, 
correctness, completeness or reliability of the Tender document and any assessment, 
assumption, statement or information contained therein or deemed to form part of this Tender 
document or arising in any way in the Tender Stage 
 
 
--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
    Buyer Specific Additional T erms & Conditions (ATC) for Selection of Service Provider for 
implementation of Electric Bus Management System (EBMS) Software services for Management 
and Monitoring of Operation of Electric Buses being inducted under GCC model in TGSRTC 
I N D E X 
S. No. Item 
1 Introduction 
2 Electric Bus induction Plan 
3 List of existing 13 Electric Bus Depots 
4 Section-1 General Important Information Related to Bid 
4(1) 1. Contract Period 
4(2) 2. Earnest Money Deposit (EMD) 
4(3) 3. Performance Security 
4(4) 4. Scalability 
4(5) 5. Right to T erminate the Process 
4(6) 6. T ermination 
4(7) 7. Termination of this Agreement due to bankruptcy of 
Service  Provider 
4(8)     8. Dispute resolution between the buyer and the   
seller/service provider 
4(9) 9. Integrity Pact 
5 Section-2 Eligibility Criteria 
6 Section-3 Payment T erms 
7 Section-4  SLA 
8 Section-5 Scope of Work 
8(1) 1. Stake Holders involved and their obligations 
8(2) 2. EBMS Work Flow 
8(3) 3. T racking reports of Electric buses 
8(4) 4. T ype of Instances for Alerts 
8(5) 5. Business Rules for incidents reporting in EBMS 
8(6) 6. Responsibility Matrix 
8(7)     7. Details of infractions reports & formats for billing  purpose 
8(8) 8. Automatic processing of concessionaire bills 
8(9) 9. Other Terms and Conditions for the Vendor for  
implementing EBMS 
9 Section-6 Project timelines, milestones 
 Section-7  Pre-Bid Meeting 
10 Form 1 Bid submission letter 
11 Form 2 Financial Capability of the Bidder 
12 Form 3 Details of Blacklisting/Bankruptcy 
13 Form 4 List of Key Personnel 
14 INTEGRITY P ACT 
 
 
--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
Invitation To Bid 
 
Tender No: Dy.CTM(IT)/EBMS(01)/2026-IT 
From:  
Telangana State Road Transport Corporation (TGSRTC),  
Bus Bhavan, B-Block,  
RTC X Road, Musheerabad, Hyderabad-500020. Telangana State. 
To: All Prospective Bidders  
  
           Telangana State Road Transport Corporation (TGSRTC), invites proposals (‘Bids’) in 
response to this Request for Proposal (‘Tender’) document , from eligible reputed, 
competent, and professional Information Technology companies, who meet the minimum 
eligibility criteria, as specified in this Tender for implementation of Electric Bus 
Management System (EBMS) in TGSRTC.  
           The complete Tender document shall be published on  02.04.2026, for the purpose 
of downloading.  
           A bidder will be selected (‘Selected Bidder’) based on the ‘Bid Evaluation 
Methodology’ described in this Tender.  
           Bidders are advised to study this tender document carefully before submitting their 
Bids in response to this Tender not ice. Submission of a Bid in response to this notice shall 
be deemed to have been done after careful study and examination of this Tender document 
with a full understanding of its terms, conditions and implications.  
The time, date, and venue details relate d to the pre -bid conference and Bid submission 
are mentioned in the Data Sheet. Bids that are received after the Bid Submission Deadline 
shall not be considered.  
To obtain first-hand information on the assignment, bidders are encouraged to attend the 
pre-bid meeting. However, attending the pre-bid meeting is optional.  
 
Thanks, and regards, 
Chief Engineer (IT) TGSRTC 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
INTRODUCTION 
TGSRTC hereby invites proposals through GeM Portal from reputed, competent and 
professional companies, propriety firms for a period of three years, who meet the 
minimum eligibility criteria as specified in this Additional T erms & Conditions (ATC) 
document for the “Selection of Service Provider for implementation of Electric Bus 
Management System (EBMS) Software Services for Management and Monitoring of 
Operation of 940 Electric Buses inducted under GCC model in TGSRTC” as this 
document provides information to enable the bidders to understand the broad 
requirements to submit their bids. 
The detailed scope of work is provided in Section 5 of this ATC document. 
Bidders are advised to study Bid document & this ATC document carefully before 
submitting their proposals in response to the Bid Notice. Submission of a proposal in 
response to this notice shall be deemed to have been done after careful study and 
examination of this document with full understanding of its T erms & Conditions. 
About T elangana State Road Transport Corporation (TGSRTC) 
Public Transport is one of the most common modes of transport, especially in a 
developing country like India. TGSRTC is currently operating bus services within 
Telangana State and to the neighboring States (Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, 
Maharashtra, Goa, Tamil Nadu and Chhattisgarh).  
Some of the key factors about TGSRTC are:  
            Number of Vehicles 9,072  
            Regions 11  
            Depots 97  
            Bus Stations 364  
            Zonal Workshops 2  
            Body Building Workshop 1  
       Various branded services offered by TGSRTC include:  
Regular Services operated daily with various levels of comfort, such as Garuda Plus A/c, 
Rajadhani A/c, Metro luxury A/c, Pushpak  A/c, Super Luxury, Deluxe, Express, 
Pallevelugu, City Metro Deluxe, City Metro Express and City Ordinary and Electric City 
Ordinary, Electric Metro Express, Electric Express, Electric Deluxe and Electric Pushpak. 
Presently , TGSRTC is operating total 13 Electric bus depots, which may be increased with 
the enhanced quantity of Electric buses. As on date, TGSRTC is operating a total  940 
Electric Buses which are scheduled to be augmented. 
 
 
--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
Electric Buses Induction Plan : 
T elangana State Road T ransport Corporation currently has 9072 buses out of which 940 
are Electric buses.  
 Indicative Electric Bus Commissioning Schedule is as under: 
List of existing 13 Electric Bus Depots: 
S. No. Depot 
1 Cantonment  
2 Miyapur-2 
3 Hyderabad Central University 
4 Ranigunj -2 
5 Kukatpally 
6 KarimNagar-2 
7 Nizambad-2 
8 Warangal-2 
9 Hyderabad/MGBS 
10 Suryapet 
11 Nalgonada 
12 BHEL 
 
 
 
No. of buses Already inducted / T o be inducted 
940 buses Already inducted 
300 buses Scheduled to be inducted by September 2026 
500 buses Scheduled to be inducted by December 2026 
600 buses Scheduled to be inducted by April 2027 
700 buses Scheduled to be inducted by August 2027 
--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
Section-1 General Important Information Related to Bid: 
1. Contract Period:  
a. Date of Issuance of Contract Order + 2 months for Software Prototype Customization, 
T esting, UAT & Implementation/Roll-out + 3 years of Operation, Support, and Maintenance 
from COD. 
b. TGSRTC may extend the contract period on yearly basis or part thereof till the operation 
of e-buses under GCC contract, after successful maintenance of initial three years’ contract, 
on the same rates, terms & conditions. The performance of the EBMS will be considered by 
TGSRTC for contract extension. 
c. TGSRTC shall have the option of terminating the contract during the contract period by 
giving a 30 days notice. 
 2. Earnest Money Deposit (EMD): 
a. The Bid Security (EMD) shall be furnished in Indian National Rupees (INR) only . The 
Bidders must deposit an earnest money of Rs. 10,00,000/- (Rupees T en Lakhs Only) by 
means of Account Payee Demand Draft, from a Nationalized / Scheduled bank other 
than Cooperative bank drawn in favor of “T elangana State Road T ransport Corporation”, 
Hyderabad. 
c. No interest shall be payable by TGSRTC on EMD. 
d. EMD of the unsuccessful bidders will be returned on written request, only after finalization 
of T enders in all respects. 
e. The EMD of the successful bidder will be converted as Performance Security. The successful 
bidder has to submit a DD for the difference amount as Performance Security . 
f. In the following circumstances EMD shall be forfeited by TGSRTC: 
i. The EMD will be forfeited if the bidder fails to enter into agreement within specified 
time.  
ii. If the bidder does not start the work as per stipulated timelines or withdraws its 
bids during the period of Bid validity or prior to award of work. 
iii. If the bidder engages in a corrupt practice, fraudulent practice coercive/collusive 
practice, undesirable practice or restrictive practice. 
iv. In case selected bidder fails to submit / furnish the Performance Security within 
the  prescribed timeline of document. 
v. In case the Selected Bidder , commits any breach thereof prior to furnishing the    
Performance Security . 
--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
g. The Bidder has to upload the scanned image of the EMD along with the online bid 
submission. 
The original EMD shall be submitted at the ATM (Computers) Section, B Block 2nd Floor , IT 
Department, TGSRTC Bus Bhavan, Musheerabad, Hyderabad, T elangana, on or before the 
bid submission end date. 
               
3. Performance Security 
a. The selected bidder will be required to furnish performance security @ 5%   of 
Contract Value in the form of Account Payee Demand Draft, from a Nationalized / 
Scheduled bank other than Cooperative bank , in favour of “Telangana State Road 
Transport Corporation”, Hyderabad, payable at Hyderabad, Telangana State. 
 
 b. All charges whatsoever, such as premium, commission, etc., with respect to the 
Performance Security shall be borne by the selected bidder. 
  
c. The Performance Security shall be submitted by the selected bidder within 15 
days from the date of the award of contract. 
               
d. If the selected bidder fails or neglects to observe or perform any of his obligations 
under the contract, the Performance Security furnished by the selected bidder shall 
be forfeited by TGSRTC. 
               
e. In case of any extension of contract, contract obligation period, the selected 
bidder shall be   liable to suitably extend the validity of the Performance Security. 
 
f. The Performance Security may be discharged/ returned by TGSRTC after satisfied 
due performance & obligations of the selected bidder as per the contract Terms & 
Conditions. However, no interest shall be payable by TGSRTC on the Performance 
Security. Validity period of Performance Security should be up to 180 days beyond 
period of contract. 
 
g. TGSRTC shall also be entitled to make recoveries from the bills of selected bidder 
or from Performance Security, or from any other amount due to the selected vendor , 
in-line with relevant Penalty Clause. 
4. Scalability: 
The number of depots 13 / Electric buses (940) mentioned in the bid document is not fixed, 
and TGSRTC reserves the right to increase or decrease the number of actual depots/buses 
intended to be covered under the contract up to 5500 Electric Buses. The system should 
have the capability of sufficient scalability to accommodate more depots/buses, if any , on 
mutually agreeable terms and conditions. 
 
--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
5. Right to T erminate the Process   
a. TGSRTC may terminate the tender process at any time and without assigning any reason. 
TGSRTC makes no commitments, express or implied, that this process will result in a 
business transaction with anyone. 
b. This tender does not constitute an offer by TGSRTC. The bidder's participation in this 
process may result in TGSRTC selecting the bidder to engage towards execution of the 
contract. 
6. T ermination 
a.  TGSRTC may terminate the Contract at any time for any reason by giving the Service 
Provider 30 days prior written notice. Upon receipt of the notice of termination under this 
clause the Service Provider shall: 
i. Handover to TGSRTC, Source code ,all data and complete software backup in the 
format as desired by TGSRTC up to the date of termination; 
ii. Deliver Knowledge Transfer Training (KTT) to TGSRTC’s selected successor 
vendor with all documents prepared as of the date of termination in connection 
with the System. 
b. The Service Provider should give 90 days’ prior written notice to TGSRTC to terminate 
the contract. Upon giving of the notice of termination under this clause the Service 
Provider shall: 
i. Handover to TGSRTC, Source code,all data and complete software backup in the 
format as desired by TGSRTC up to the date of termination; 
ii. Deliver Knowledge Transfer Training (KTT) to TGSRTC’s selected successor 
vendor with all documents prepared as of the date of termination in connection 
with the System. 
c. Upon termination of this Agreement, the Parties will comply with the Exit Management 
Schedule. 
d. Exit management schedule: The Service Provider will promptly on the commencement 
of the exit management period supply the following to TGSRTC or its nominated agency: 
  
i. Information relating to the current services rendered. 
ii. All current and updated data as is reasonably required for TGSRTC 
transitioning the services to its Replacement vendor in a readily available 
format nominated by TGSRTC. 
iii. All other information (including but not limited to documents, records and 
agreements) relating to the services reasonably necessary to enable 
TGSRTC, or its Replacement vendor, to carry out with due diligence in order 
to transition the provision of the Services to TGSRTC (as the case may be). 
--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
iv. Before the expiry of the exit management period, the vendor shall deliver 
to TGSRTC or its nominated agency all new or updated materials, except 
that the vendor shall be permitted to retain one copy of such materials for 
archival purposes only. 
v. Payments during the Exit Management period shall be made in accordance 
with the Terms of Payment Schedule. 
 
7. T ermination of this Agreement due to bankruptcy of Service Provider  
TGSRTC may at any time terminate the contract by giving written notice to the bidder, 
if the bidder becomes bankrupt or otherwise insolvent, provided that such termination 
will not prejudice or affect any right of action or remedy which has accrued or will 
accrue thereafter to TGSRTC. 
 
8. Dispute resolution between the buyer and the seller/service provider 
a. Conciliation: 
i. The Parties (i.e., the Buyer and the Seller/ Service Provider) undertake that 
any conflict or dispute that may arise between them shall first be dealt with 
in the manner stated below, irrespective of any other recourse, which any 
Party may have in law or in equity. 
ii. In the event of any conflict or dispute arising out of or in connection with 
the Contract placed through the GeM Portal, the Parties shall endeavour to 
settle such disputes amicably. If a dispute is not resolved within 30 (thirty) 
days after a written notice of any dispute by one Party to the other, the 
same shall then be resolved through the mechanism of a Dispute Resolution 
Committee. This Dispute Resolution Committee shall comprise 
representatives of both the Buyer and the Seller / Service Provider. It shall 
be chaired by the Primary User of the Buyer organisation/department or any 
other person as authorised by the Primary User. If the Dispute Resolution 
Committee is not able to resolve the matter within 30(thirty) days of its 
formation, the parties can take recourse in accordance with the Law, within 
the jurisdiction of Hyderabad Courts only. 
9. Integrity Pact:   
No sums, in cash or kind, have been paid or shall be paid, by bidder or on its behalf, to any 
person by way of fees, commission or otherwise for entering into this Agreement or for 
influencing or attempting to influence any officer or employee of TGSRTC in connection 
therewith. For this purpose, TGSRTC will sign an integrity pact separately with the Service 
Provider enclosed with this agreement. 
Note: Prospective Bidders may visit the IT Department, Bus Bhavan, TGSRTC for any further 
information/clarification regarding this bid document on prior appointment during working 
hours till the date of technical bid submission. 
--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
Section 2: Eligibility Criteria 
S.No. Item Description Documentary Evidence 
1 Registration 
Status 
Bidder shall be any ONE of the following: 
• A company incorporated in India under 
the Companies Act, 1956 or Companies 
Act 2013 (as amended to date), and 
subsequent amendments thereto.  
• An entity registered under the LLP Act 
2008 and subsequent amendments 
thereto. 
• Partnership firms registered under the 
Indian Partnership Act, 1932  
The bidder should have been in operations for 
the last FIVE years as on the date of 
publishing of the tender notice (including 
name change/ mergers or acquisitions).  
 
Certificate of 
incorporation/registration. 
2 T urnover The bidder should have an average annual 
turnover of at least INR 1.5 Crores in the last 3 
financial years. 
• Copies of GST & PAN 
• Certificate from the          
Statutory Auditor / CA   
as per format “Form 2”. 
3 Net worth The bidder should have a positive net worth for 
the last THREE years as of March 31, 2026 
Duly certified statement 
from the auditor for the 
last 3 financial years as  
per format “Form 2”. 
4 Blacklisting / 
Bankruptcy 
The Bidder shall not be declared blacklisted or 
bankrupt, or shall not have any proceeding for 
bankruptcy , insolvency, for any reason for a 
particular period of time by any State/Central 
Government/ PSU/ Autonomous Body (Under any 
government law) in India as on the last date of 
submission of the Bid. 
An undertaking from  
Authorized Signatory as  
per format “Form 3” 
5 Certification The Bidder should have a valid minimum CMMI 
Level 3 or higher and/or ISO 9001:2008 or higher 
certificate as on last date of submission of the bid 
Copy of valid certificate  
issued to the Bidding  
Organization by  
respective authority . 
--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
6 Key 
Resources 
The bidder shall have at least the following 
manpower: 
Project Manager (minimum 2): Management  
Graduate with minimum 3 years of experience in 
implementation of Bus Operation Management  
Software Services System for Buses. 
MIS reporting Expert (minimum 5): Engineering 
Graduate with minimum 2 years of work 
experience in MIS reporting with at least one Bus 
Operation Management Software Services System 
for Buses. 
Signed Resume certified 
by Company HR 
 
7 Experience 
in Bus 
Operation  
Management 
Software 
Services 
System for  
operation of 
Buses 
The Bidder must have experience of 
implementing and operating Bus Operation 
Management Software Services System involving 
installation, operation and maintenance for Buses 
in the last 3 years (as on the last date of bid 
submission) as per following criteria: One single 
project with minimum fleet size of 1200 buses  
Or T wo projects with minimum fleet size of 750 
buses each Or Three projects with minimum 
fleet size of 600 buses each 
A qualifying project shall be defined as “A project  
consisting of implementation, operation and  
maintenance of Bus Operation Management  
Software Services System for Buses”. 
 
 Work Order + Completion 
Certificates from the   
client; OR Work Order + 
Phase Completion 
Certificate (for ongoing 
projects) from the client 
8 Solution  
Demonstration 
Understanding of the objectives of the project: 
The extent to which the System Implementer’s 
approach and work plan respond to the objectives 
indicated in the Scope of Work.  
Completeness and responsiveness: The extent 
to which the proposal responds exhaustively to all 
the requirements of all the T erms of Reference 
EBMS functionality and  
implementation plan as  
per Scope of Work to be 
shown & explained  
through their existing 
EBMS software before 
TGSRTC Officials for 
taking a decision of 
technical qualification. 
 
 Note: 
i. All self-certificates shall be duly signed and stamped by authorized signatory of 
the bidder firm unless specified otherwise the bids shall not be considered for 
further evaluation. 
ii. TGSRTC reserves the right to independently verify the documentary evidences   
including self- certifications submitted by the bidder along with bid. 
 
--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
Section-3 Payment T erms:  
Payment by TGSRTC shall be done on a Quarterly basis. The Selected Bidder will 
submit an invoice in the following quarter for the invoice period up to the 10th day of every 
quarter. The payment shall only be made for the actual number of buses using EBMS 
services in the respective Quarter. The payment shall be made on receipt of the invoice, 
subject to deduction of penalties for noncompliance computed based on the SLA, taxes 
and other deductions as per the agreement and Government rules and regulations. 
(a) The selected bidder will complete stabilization process for the buses in the depots 
within a period of 2 months. Payment will start post stabilization of project & 
issuance of acceptance certificate. Payment will be made after receiving of 
invoice. i.e. Go-Live for the identified Depots in phased manner through TGSRTC. 
 
Following steps to be followed:  
 1. Vendor will submit Quarterly bills to the IT department, TGSRTC. 
2. The IT department will verify the bills before processing. 
3. The Quarterly bills will be compiled and sent to the Accounts department, 
TGSRTC for audit. 
4. After audit, approval of competent authority will be sought. 
5. Accounts Dept. will make the payment to the vendor . 
6. While submitting the invoices from 2nd Quarter onwards, the Vendor must submit 
proof of GST payment for the previous payment done by the Corporation.  
(b)  Payments shall be subject to the application of liquidated damages (for period 
prior to “Go Live”) or SLA penalties and its adjustments/corrections (for post “Go-
Live”) as may be provided for in the Agreement and the SLA from the relevant 
milestone(s). 
(c) TGSRTC or its nominated agencies shall be responsible for withholding taxes from 
the amounts due and payable to the Service Provider wherever applicable. The 
Service Provider shall pay for all other taxes in connection with the Agreement, 
SLA, scope of work and any other engagement required to be undertaken as a part 
of the Agreement, including, but not limited to, property , sales, use, excise, value-
added, goods and services, consumption and other similar taxes or duties. 
 
 
 
 
--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
Section - 4 SLA : 
The purpose of this section is to define the performance levels of service that the service 
provider needs to adhere to during implementation and operation: 
SLA during Implementation: 
# Service Level 
Description 
Measuring 
Duration 
Measurement Penalty Penalty 
to be 
imposed 
at 
Baseline  
Minimum 
Lower  
Performance 
Material 
breach 
1 Adherence to 
project 
timelines 
Adherence 
to  
timelines 
as  
defined in 
the 
Project 
timelines, 
milestones 
Timelines  
defined in 
Project  
timelines, 
milestones 
Delay of Less 
than or equal  
to 30 days 
Delay of 
Greater 
than 30 
days 
Rs. 10,000 per day of 
delay from the 
scheduled completion 
date for  
issuance of acceptance 
certificate  
and go live for all 
TGSRTC Buses for  
lower performance.  
Rs. 20,000 per day of 
delay from the 
scheduled completion 
date for  
issuance of acceptance 
certificate  
and go live for all 
TGSRTC Buses for 
Material breach and /or 
CE(IT)-TGSRTC can take 
suitable action 
including  
issuance of warning, 
invoking 
breach clause etc. 
At HQ 
Level 
SLA during Operation & Maintenance: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2 Software 
availability 
at  
Depots 
Resolution/  
workaround to 
be 
provided within 
4 working hours 
by Service 
provider . 
Daily Less than 
20 Hours 
Between 20 
hours  
to 23 Hours 
24 Hours INR 5000/- per day for 
Lower Performance. 
INR 50000/- per day for 
Material Breach. 
If Material breach 
continues for more than 
3 months, then CE(IT)-
TGSRTC can take 
suitable action 
including  
issuance of warning,  
invoking breach clause 
etc. 
At HQ 
Level 
 Note: Maximum Penalty applicable for above shall not exceed 20% of the ‘billed 
amount’ submitted by the vendor . 
--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
Section-5 Scope of Work 
The Electric Bus Monitoring System (EBMS) is a web based application software for 
Management and Monitoring of Operation of Electric Buses inducted/ being inducted in 
TGSRTC under GCC Model and shall be able to provide the complete information system in 
real time manner adhering to the services in accordance with the provision of the contracts 
with the concessionaires. The service provider shall be responsible for Supply , Installation, 
T esting, Commissioning, Maintenance and Operation support of all software components of 
EBMS during the entire contract period. Scope of services for EBMS should contain but not 
limited to following are as follows: 
1. Stake Holders involved and their obligations: - 
i. Obligation of Concessionaire:- 
a. Provide GPS data, CAN data (SOC, Odometer, etc.) and ITS data including  
IPCCTV Camera, Panic Buttons, and two-way communication to EBMS. 
b. Provide Charger Data API via CMS to EBMS.  
c. Support the execution of the EBMS.  
d. As the EBMS platform will also provide operational and monitoring benefits 
to the Operators/Concessionaire, including vehicle performance monitoring, 
safety monitoring, and operational efficiency improvements, the Operators 
may share a mutually agreed portion of the implementation and operational 
costs of EBMS, as decided by the Competent Authority, TGSRTC. 
ii. Obligation of TGSRTC:- 
a. Provide support in data collection from e-bus operators and execution of the 
EBMS Project. 
b. Providing master data for Vehicle, Driver, Conductor, Route/Duties. 
c. Verifying and Creating Memo in EBMS with the guidance of Vendor  Staff. 
d. Scheduling / allocating Buses Drivers and Conductors 20 minutes before 
Schedule Out going time. 
e. Data entry /AFCS API for ticketing data. 
f. Approving daily basis Trip wise KMs in Portal. 
g. Entry of Breakdowns, accident details, any other incidents. 
h. Data Support for Bus schedules, routes details 
iii. Obligation of EBMS Software Service provider (Vendor): 
a. To create Bus Management Software for management and monitoring of 
Operation of Electric buses. 
b. To ensure the compliance of all the T&C and SLA prescribed in the respective 
concessionaire agreement and to process & apply the performance 
adjustments (damages & penalties, if any) accordingly. 
c. To make provision for maintaining a database related to operation of Project 
for each depot and regular reports, as per requirement, on operational 
performance of all Concessionaires to TGSRTC. 
--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
d. To take all the GPS data, CAN data (SOC, Odometer, etc.) and ITS data 
including IPCCTV Camera, Panic Buttons, and two-way communication from 
the respective concessionaire for EBMS. 
e. To take Charging data of buses data through API from the concessionaire. 
f. Monitoring/tracking of GPS-based Vehicle Tracking of Electric Buses. 
g. Real-time and historical monitoring of Key Performance Indicators (as per 
Concessionaire Agreement to be shared with selected vendor). 
h. Generating related operational reports in effective MIS system as per 
requirement of TGSRTC in due course.  
i. Automatic processing of concessionaire bills  
j. Integration of pre fitted ITS system (i.e. CAN-TCU/VTS & VHMD, camera 
feed, driver behavior monitoring with EBMS). 
k. Vendor shall study the complete existing system of TGSRTC and the 
Concessionaire Agreement of hiring of Electric buses by TGSRTC for 
understanding the process, collecting all relevant information, material etc.  
T entative list of functioning requirements is as under: 
• Allocation of Duty 
• Trip wise way bill data entry & submission 
• No. of over speed incidents 
• Early,late Outgoing/ incoming 
• Miss bus stop 
• Trip not start from origin point report 
• Kms cross verification finalize from memo by TGSRTC employee 
• KPI on monthly, Quarterly basis 
• GPS Tracking, Bunching report 
• Charging data 
• Camera 
• Bus Idle report 
• Infractions report as per agreement 
 
2. EBMS Work Flow:- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
3.T racking reports of Electric buses:- 
S. 
No. 
Report  
Category 
Sub Report  
Category 
Utility 
1 Map  
T racking  
Reports 
 Map Live Live location of all buses on map. 
 Live T rail Map Live movement of selected bus on map and showing 
time, speed etc. 
 History Replay Historical movement of vehicle of data on map with total 
Kilometers as per selected date & Vehicle number 
2 Operational 
Reports 
T oday’s  
Journey  
Report 
 Shows T odays journey covered by the selected vehicle and    
showing start time, start location, end time, end location, 
Kms, Duration & status (running/stop) 
Journey Report  T otal journey covered by the selected vehicle and  
showing start time, start location, end time, end  
location, KMs, Duration & status (running/stop). 
Idle Report T otal idle time of the selected vehicle and showing idle 
from, end time, duration, idle location. 
Diagnostic  
Report 
T otal diagnostic details of the selected vehicle data and 
showing start time, start location, end time, end location, 
Distance, Odometer , Duration & status (running/stop). 
Movement 
Report 
T otal details of the selected vehicle with second to 
second, data and showing time and location. 
Overspeed  
Report 
Over speed (to be selected through dashboard) details of 
selected bus with location and showing date, speed, 
location and send notification on dashboard. 
 
3 Statistical 
Reports 
Current Month 
Report 
Kilometers as per GPS for all vehicles for all dates 
of the selected month. 
Consolidated 
Report 
Consolidated details of selected vehicles. 
Non-Journey  
Report 
Details of non-journey time & location of buses 
4. Type of Instances for Alerts: (Through Email & Dashboard Notification) 
a.Panic alerts 
b.Over Speed (T o be defined by User) 
c.GPS Breakage 
d.Idle report 
e.Route Deviation 
f. Bunching report (T o be defined by User) 
g.Harness Removal (Disconnection) 
 
 
 
--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 5. Business Rules for incidents reporting in EBMS: 
     The system shall operate in compliance with the business rules of TGSRTC and shall be 
designed   to accommodate any changes in the business rules. All Business rules for EBMS 
to be formalized by the vendor in consultation with TGSRTC for the following: - 
a. Stoppage Geofencing  
b. T erminal Geofencing  
c. Depot Geofencing  
d. Route fencing  
e. Delay Depot OutGoing time  relaxation  
f.  Early Depot OutGoing time relaxation  
g. Every trip start time relaxation 
h. Route diversion in meters 
i.  Over speed  
j.  Over speed critical  
k. Speed at Geofencing (bus stop) to make it cover 
l.  T rip Not started from origin  
m. T rip not completed  
n. GPS Km of trip +- range  
o. Same depot OutGoing to same depot Incoming  
p. No of Duties per day  
q. no of conductor in single duties 
r.  no of Drivers in single duties 
s. No of Duties Hours 
6. Responsibility Matrix: 
S. 
No. 
Type of activity and work flow for a day Responsibility 
of Vendor 
Responsibility 
of TGSRTC 
1. One time uploading of Bus, Drivers, Conductors Master Y es  
2. Regular update of Bus, Drivers, Conductors Master by T raffic 
Section 
 Y es 
3. One-time creation of Bus Stops, Routes, Duties in the system 
for a depot Y es  
4. Regular updation/creation of Bus Stops, Routes, Duties  
in the system for a depot by Regional Managers Office. 
 
Y es 
5. Duty allocation to buses & operational staff on day to day 
basis by Depot T raffic section 
 Y es 
6. Lodging of infractions for bus condition and driver 
shortcomings checking at the time of out going of buses in 
morning shift and entry in the mobile app by Depot 
Maintenance T eam. 
 
Y es 
7. T rip wise sale of tickets entry from way bills on daily basis 
immediately after completion of duty by DC section. 
 
 
Y es 
--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
8. Lodging & closing of breakdown event in real time by Depot 
Maintenance T eam. 
 Y es 
9. Electric bus charging data entry manually through APP or 
Excel by Depot Maintenance T eam and later through API 
from operator . 
 
Y es 
10. Initial 1st level closing of trip wise kilometers after incoming 
of bus by T raffic Section and final 2nd level closing after 24 
hours by Depot Maintenance T eam. 
 
Y es 
11. Lodging & closing of infractions details on daily basis by 
Depot Maintenance T eam. 
 Y es 
7. Details of infractions reports & formats for billing purpose:- 
a. Double duty driver report  
b. Day wise Sch KMs,Optd Kms  
c. Daily earning report  
d. KPI report (Monthly , Quarterly)  
e. Daily cancelled KMs (T otal) 
f.  Head wise (cancel KMs) 
g. Daily cancelled KMs type wise  
h. Incident and penalty report 
i.   Incident details report 
j.  Authorized curtailment report  
k. Unauthorized curtailment report 
l.  Unauthorized route deviation report  
m. T rip not started from origin  
n. Early/ Late trip started from origin Report  
o. No driver/ no conductor report  
p. Breakdown report not attended within 2 hrs. 
q. Breakdown 0.2% (As per article 16.6.3)  
r. Accident instances report  
s. Over speed report  
t. Assured KMs reconciliation report 
u. service wise infractions report 
8. Automatic processing of concessionaire bills:- 
a. Submission of bill by the concessionaire  
b. Entry of bill in the system  
c. Payment processing note generated by EBMS  
d. Auto generation of proposal note along with Show Cause notice by the EBMS  
system for making payment of actual KMs operated and levying damages/ infraction 
as per SLA. 
e. Bill processed at depot level and sent to regional office. 
--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
f. Verified bill amount is sanctioned by RM after regional accounts vetting 
and   sent back to depot. 
g. Depot to prepare Voucher of vetted amount and sent to accounts 
department  HQ for releasing the payment. 
h. Release of payment to Concessionaire(s) through Escrow Account by   
Accounts Department, HQ. 
9. Other T erms and Conditions for the Vendor for implementing EBMS 
9.1 Vendor shall design the user-friendly screens/dashboard with MIS of the portal 
considering latest designs and make it attractive. 
9.2 Vendor shall make provision for User level logins to be given to Senior  
Management, Admin, Regional Managers & all the Electric Bus Depots, etc. as per 
Scope of Work. 
9.3 The software shall support minimum 500 concurrent users at a time in view of 
the operation of number of electric buses. 
9.4 The portal shall keep the provision for scaling up of the no. of buses and 
incorporating  more depots. The software shall generate reports instantly . 
9.5 Back Office Management: 24X7 support services to TGSRTC Users. 
9.6 Vendor will be responsible for secured hosting of the Web Based Application 
Software on its own Data Center or on Cloud and backup at Data Recovery (DR) 
Center with 99% uptime of server from final deployment & implementation date 
during the entire contract period. Data Centre/Cloud origin must be in India. Cloud 
shall be of NIC or MietY empaneled. 
9.7 Web application software must be designed, developed, deployed and        
maintained according to GoI Guidelines & the Guidelines of IT Dept.TGSRTC. 
9.8 Vendor will need to get clearance of security audit of the web application       
software  through CERT-in empaneled agencies. 
9.9 Data Backup Facility: Vendor shall maintain operational data always live 
during the entire contract period except tracking data for last Quarter on live 
server . The data to be provided immediately as and when requested by TGSRTC, 
for any particular instance, or as a whole. 
9.10 It shall be the responsibility of the Vendor to capture real-time data from   
AIS-140 compliant GPS devices installed in Electric Buses from respective 
concessionaire. 
9.11 All data generated during the operation period shall be the property of 
TGSRTC. 
9.12 Vendor shall be responsible for updating and upgradation (if required) of  all 
Software for successful operation of the Project during the Contract Period. 
--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
9.13 Web application software must be Smart Phone (android & i-phone) 
Responsive and design shall be compatible to all Smart Phones and browsers with 
uniform and user friendly presentation of the contents & architecture with clear 
navigation. 
9.14 Bug fixing and keeping Web application software secured from all possible 
cyberattacks and hackers at all time. 
9.15 Admin Dashboard with the ability to Add/Edit/Delete or create/inactive any 
user account, Bus details, Employee master etc. (As per format provided by 
TGSRTC - Manual /Excel uploading). 
9.16 Mobile App to be provided for Officers / Checking staff for lodging complaints 
by Officers and issuing Challans by checking staff for the irregularities observed in 
the operation of electric buses. 
9.17 The Software should be capable of integrating with other softwares /  
Applications through API i.e. AFCS, Automatic Passenger counting system, ERP , 
OPRS etc. 
9.18 Geofence: Vendor shall create geofence for all stops, terminals, depots and 
associate alarms for entry/exit to monitor the movement of any bus through any 
geofence. The vendor shall carry out survey for taking Latitudes & Longitudes of 
the locations. Shall map the routes on geofence which will provided route 
deviation alerts as well. 
9.19 Any third party software, maps etc. required for the EBMS software shall be 
provided to TGSRTC with perpetual license. 
9.20 Provide standard commercial off the shelf (COTS) software encouraging use 
of non-proprietary items. 
9.21 The Service provider shall allow flexibility and configurability to allow the 
installed system to be easily modified to accommodate a multi-operator 
environment including the application of any government policies to be adhered 
to. 
9.22 System should be secure to provide protection against fraud, data theft, 
falsification of data, external threats, false accounting and unauthorized       
access etc. 
9.23 The design life period of the system shall be at least 10 years in terms of 
selected technology , future upgrades, security considerations, scalability and 
future upgrades in-case required after completion of contract period. 
9.24 The system shall be based on service-oriented architecture, adopt to non-
proprietary open standards for seamless integration with existing applications of  
TGSRTC such as CIS(ERP), Automatic Fare Collection System(AFCS), Vehicle 
T racking system, etc.  
--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
9.25 The service provider shall provide technical assistance during operations and 
maintain the system during contract period to ensure the performance as per the 
defined Service Level Agreements (SLAs). 
9.26 Provide training to officers / officials of TGSRTC to fulfil the requirement. 
9.27 Prepare, update and submit all documentation required to cover all phases of 
the scope of work. 
9.28 Incident Reporting and Management System (IRMS): The service provider 
shall provide incident reporting and management system (IRMS). The depot staff 
shall enter/lodge telephonically all incidents related to EBMS in IRMS. The service 
provider will provide technical support for reported incident through their 
maintenance and support team. The IRMS system shall also provide capability to 
assign the incidents to various teams based on set workflow and operating 
procedures. 
9.29 Database management system: The functional requirements for this module 
are as follows: 
i. Full function, RDBMS supporting SQL. 
ii. Shall support data integration, data recovery, exceptional handling 
validation and security. 
iii. Support parallel processing 
iv. Shall support complex data structures, multi-user, multi-processing, large 
transactions. 
v.  Shall support real-time as well batch mode of operations 
vi.  Should provide GUI interface for real-time ad-hoc queries, system 
administration 
vii.  Shall be proven product for handing large-scale transactions. 
viii.  Shall maintain historic data for 3 years. This period should be configurable 
based on TGSRTC’s requirement. 
ix.  Should provide disk mirroring capability and support user defined archival 
and purge strategy . 
x.  Shall support 100% data recovery , commit and rollback based on check- 
point logic. 
xi.  Daily database and system backup and restoration of data should comply  
with the threshold performance requirement values as per standard norms. 
9.30 Authentication: The functional specifications for this module are as follows: 
a. All connections to the server from the depot should be securely 
connected. 
b. All data exchange should be encrypted between the server and client. 
c. All active connections should be managed by servers. 
d. All the configurations with connections should be managed through  
configuration management. 
--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
e. All the devices' login should be centrally authenticated based on the 
profile configured. 
f. Should log all credentials of the login details when logging in /off  
in the system. 
g. Should be securely hosted with access only to TGSRTC user configuration 
managers. 
h. Should be able to create users and profiles based on the devices and 
functions to be performed. 
9.31 Application Software Maintenance 
a. Application support includes, but not limited to, troubleshooting and 
addressing the functionality, availability and performance issues, 
implementing the system change requests etc. The Bidder shall keep the 
application software in good working order; perform changes and upgrades 
to applications as requested by the TGSRTC team. 
b. The Bidder shall address all the errors/bugs/gaps in the functionality 
offered by solution at no additional cost during the contract period. 
c. All patches and upgrades shall be implemented by the Bidder ensuring 
customization done in the solution as per the TGSRTC’s requirements are 
applied. Technical upgrade of the installation to the new version of all 
components, as and when mandated due to other compliance, security-
related reasons etc., shall be done by the Bidder at no additional cost to 
TGSRTC. 
d. Any changes/upgrades to the software performed during the support phase 
shall be subject to the comprehensive and integrated testing by the Bidder 
to ensure that the changes implemented in the system, meets the specified 
requirements and doesn’t impact any other function of the system. 
e. Issue a log for the errors and bugs identified in the solution and any change 
done in the solution shall be maintained by the Bidder and periodically 
submitted to the TGSRTC. 
f. In case of critical security patches/alerts, the Bidder shall inform about the 
same immediately along with his recommendations. The report shall 
contain Bidder’s  recommendations on update/upgrade, benefits, 
impact analysis etc. The Bidder  shall need to execute updates/upgrades 
though formal change management process and update all documentations 
and Knowledge databases etc. For updates and upgrades, Bidder will carry 
it out free of cost by following defined process. 
9.32 DC/ DR related requirements: The functional specifications for this module   
are as follows: 
a. The Control Centre System along with other related applications including 
security components etc. infrastructure shall provide redundant DR system 
as a fall-back arrangement. 
--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
b. In case of emergency or critical situation in Data Centre, data backup 
procedures from disaster recovery site should be clearly followed. 
c. All necessary software with required set of licenses shall be installed as per  
bidders’ assessment. 
d. A firewall cum gateway shall be installed at DC/DR to protect the entire 
network from cyber threats. 
e. Security and safety of the DC/DR is very important. 
f. The DC and DR services to be obtained on cloud. The bidder is to follow 
MEITY guidelines for hosting DC/DR on cloud. 
g. The DR would have the similar specifications as the DC. The required 
storage may vary depending on the applications / services that are to be 
hosted at the DR. The DR would be configured in a manner that the critical 
applications and databases shall be of the same capacity as in the DC, 
however some of the non-critical applications would be of a lower capacity  
of the DC. 
9.33 Reporting requirements The functional specifications for this module are as 
follows: 
a. The Bidder should ensure that the system shall provide a facility for 
generating and viewing online, real-time project and MIS reports for 
transactions handled during a specified period, transaction density trends 
for any specified periodicity (hourly, daily, weekly, monthly) and any 
bottleneck situation creating dependency at any stage. 
b. The Reporting system and Dynamic Dashboard shall be an integrated 
system which shall provide user-friendly reporting functionalities for the 
staff, assessing officers and officials of TGSRTC. 
c. The Bidder should draw an exhaustive list of reports along with the TGSRTC. 
Bidder should submit the reports on a regular basis in a mutually decided 
format and shall develop any other required reports within 07 days of 
requirement raised by TGSRTC during entire contract period. 
d. Daily reports 
i. Daily service wise/ticket /route wise/ summary report (including 
Sch Kms,OPTD kms) 
ii. Cause wise Cancellation of all services 
iii. Driver/conductor  wise  performance &cancellation report 
iv. Daily ridership summary report 
v. Shift summary report 
vi. Aggregated / consolidation reports 
vii. Operator action reports & Log reports 
viii. Event, alarms and warning report 
ix. Maintenance and failure reporting 
x. Breakdown Rate, Fleet utilization 
xi. Service wise/drive/conductor/vehicle wise infraction report 
--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
xii. SOH & SOC of Batteries 
xiii. Chargers available position (vacant position) 
xiv. Income tax deducted report section wise,GST collected from AC bus 
earnings ,Incentive paid/recovered on performance etc  
xv. Any other Reports  to be generated as per the requirements of the 
concerned departments during the project development and 
implementation stage. 
e. Weekly reports 
i. Log of backup and restoration undertaken. 
ii. Summary of resource utilization of all components 
iii. Service wise,Route wise, Duty wise and Trip wise,cond/driver wise 
report 
f. Monthly reports 
i. Asset modification report at TGSRTC locations and DC locations.   
ii. Summary of component wise uptime in the DC sites. 
iii. Summary of resource utilization of all components in the DC sites  
iv. Log of preventive / break-fix maintenance undertaken  
v. Summary of changes undertaken in the DC sites, including major 
changes like configuration changes, release of  patches, database 
reorganization, storage reorganization, etc. and minor changes like 
log truncation, volume expansion, user creation, user password 
reset, etc. 
vi. Consolidated SLA / non-conformance report 
g. Quarterly Reports 
i. Detection of security vulnerability detection with the available 
solutions/workarounds for fixing Hacker attacks, Virus attacks, 
unauthorized access, security threats, etc., with root cause analysis 
and plan to fix the problems. 
ii. Any hazards or events like fire, environmental conditions, physical 
security, etc. at the Data Centers. 
iii. SLA Reports All type of reporting should be submitted periodically 
as per SLA  measurement interval to the TGSRTC. 
          h. Any other Daily ,Weekly ,Monthly ,Yearly (period specific) Reports and existing 
reports period specific to be generated as per the requirements of the concerned 
departments during the project development and implementation stage. 
9.34 Data Entry Screens: Depot wise creation / updation of dashboard screens for bus 
stops, routes, duties, trips, buses, drivers, conductors, etc. are to be provided   with 
specific access to the related operators. 
 
 
--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
Section-6 Project timelines, milestones 
# Milestone Timeline 
1. Letter of Award / Contract Order T 
2. EBMS Functionality Report & Implementation plan submission T + 2 weeks 
3. Liaison with the Concessionaires for obtaining CAN/GPS data  
using their Raw Data or APIs etc. & Implementation of EBMS 
T + 4 weeks 
4. Implementation of EBMS as per defined Scope of Work in a city 
depot & Conducting UA T by the committee for acceptance of 
the EBMS COD will be declared after successful conduction of 
UA T and rollout of EBMS in city depots in phase-1 
T + 8 weeks 
5. Phase-1 
Roll-out of EBMS as per defined Scope of Work in city depots 
(efforts be made to start from 1st day of the month) 
T+10 weeks 
6. Phase-2 
District depots 
COD+1 month 
Note: The implementation plan in phases may vary in terms of depots, no. of buses  
etc. as per actual induction plan during the contract period, as per the discretion of 
TGSRTC. 
Section – 7 Pre- Bid meeting 
7.1. TGSRTC will conduct a pre-bid meeting to clarify the objectives/scope of the 
tender in Main Conference Hall, Bus Bhavan, Musheerabad, Hyderabad at 15.00 hrs., 
on the date mentioned in Gem Portal. 
7.2.Only two representatives from each firm/company will be allowed to participate 
in the pre-bid meeting. 
7.3.All related queries should be sent through email  before the Pre Bid meeting date.  
7.4.The queries shall be sent to the mail id : atmcomp@tsrtc.telangana.gov .in shall be 
in the format given hereunder . 
 
 
 
 
--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
Name of the bidding entity with full address 
Sl.NO RFP Reference 
Section/Page Content of RFP requiring clarification Point of clarification 
required 
1    
2    
3    
4    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
Form 1: Bid submission letter 
<<On Bidder Letterhead>> 
                                                                                                                                        Date: 
To 
The Chief Engineer(IT), 
BusBhavan, 
Musheerabad, Hyderabad. 
T elangana  State Road T ransport Corporation . 
Subject: Response to Bid for “Selection of Service Provider for implementation of 
Electic Bus Management  System (EBMS) Software Services for Management and 
Monitoring of Operation of Electric Buses being inducted in GCC model in TGSRTC” 
Dear Sir , 
1. We hereby request to be qualified with the TGSRTC as a bidder for EBMS against Bid 
No. < >. I / We declare that all the services shall be performed strictly in accordance with  
the bid documents  and we agree to all the terms and conditions in the bid & A TC. 
2. We authorize TGSRTC or their authorized representatives to conduct any investigations 
to verify the  statements, documents and information submitted and to clarify the 
financial and technical aspects of this application. For this purpose, we hereby authorize 
(any public official, engineer , bank, depository , manufacturer , distributor , etc.) or any 
other person or firm to furnish pertinent information deemed necessary and requested 
by TGSRTC to verify statements and information provided in this application or regarding 
our competence and standing. 
3. The names and positions of persons who may be contacted for further information, if 
required, are as follows: 
Name: ________________________________ 
Designation: ________________________________ 
T elephone: ________________________________ 
E-mail id: ________________________________ 
4. We declare that the statements made, and the information provided in the duly 
completed application to TGSRTC of our knowledge, are complete, authentic and 
accurate in every detail. On verification at any time in the future if it is found that 
information furnished with this application and statements made therein are not true, 
incomplete or incorrect, we hereby authorize TGSRTC to reject our application. 
5. We confirm having submitted the information as required by you in Qualification 
Criteria. In case you require any other further information / documentary proof in this 
regard before evaluation of our bid, we agree to furnish the same in time to your 
satisfaction. 
--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
6. We undertake, if our proposal is accepted, to provide all the services put forward in 
the bid document or such features as may subsequently be mutually agreed between us 
and TGSRTC or its appointed representatives. 
7. We agree for unconditional acceptance of all the terms and conditions set out in the 
bid document  and also agree to abide by this bid response for a period of 180 days from 
the date fixed for bid opening and it shall remain binding upon us with full force and 
virtue. Till a formal contract is prepared and executed, this bid response, together with 
your written acceptance thereof in your notification of award, shall constitute a binding 
contract between us and TGSRTC. 
8. We hereby declare that in case the contract is awarded to us, we will submit 
Performance Security equivalent to 5% of total contract value within the stipulated time. 
9. I/We understand that TGSRTC reserves the right to reject any application without 
assigning any reason thereof. 
10. I/We hereby undertake that I/We have not made any payment or illegal 
gratification to any person/authority connected with the bid process to influence the 
bid process and have not committed any offence under the Prevention of Corruption 
Act 1988 in connection with the bid. 
11. We hereby confirm that our prices include all taxes / GST . We declare that our Bid 
Price is for the entire scope of the work as specified in the Bid document. These prices 
are indicated in Commercial Bid submitted as part of the requirements of Bid. 
12. It is hereby confirmed that I/We are entitled to act on behalf of our company/ firm 
organization and  empowered to sign this document as well as such other documents, 
which may be required in this connection. 
13. We declare that we have read through the Bid document, all related clarifications 
and corrigendum. 
Thanking you, 
Y ours faithfully, 
(Signature of the Authorized signatory of the Bidder) 
Name   : 
Designation  : 
Contact no         : 
Email id              : 
Date    : 
Company Seal  : 
Business Address : 
--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
Form 2: Financial Capability of the Bidder 
<<T o be completed by the Bidder >> 
<<On the letterhead of the Chartered Accountant>> 
<<T o be submitted along with Audited Financial Statements>> 
                                                                                                                                        
Date: 
T o, 
The Chief Engineer(IT), 
Bus Bhavan, 
Musheerabad, Hyderabad. 
T elangana  State Road T ransport Corporation . 
 
Dear Sir , 
We have examined the books of accounts and other relevant records of <<Bidder / 
consortium Partner Name along with registered address>>. On the basis of such 
examination and according to the information and explanation given to us, and to the 
TGSRTC of our knowledge & belief, we hereby certify that the annual turnover for the last 
three financial years i.e. from FY 2023-24 to FY 2025-26 is as per details given below: 
Information from Balance Sheets (in Indian Rupees) 
 2023-24 2024-25 2025-26 
Annual Turnover    
Net-worth    
(Signature of the Chartered Accountant) 
Name  : 
Designation  : 
Contact no                                      : 
Email id                                           : 
Membership Number  : 
Date  : 
Company Seal  : 
Business Address  : 
--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
Form 3: Details of Blacklisting/Bankruptcy with any of the Centre/ State Government / 
Public Sector Units/ Autonomous Bodies 
<<On the letterhead of the Bidding Organisation>> 
Date: 
T o, 
Chief Engineer(IT), 
Bus Bhavan, 
Musheerabad, Hyderabad. 
T elangana State Road T ransport Corporation . 
Subject: Declaration for not being Blacklisted/Bankrupt for any of the Centre/ 
State Government /or Public Sector Units/ Autonomous Bodies 
Dear Sir , 
In response to the T ender No: _____________, I/ We hereby declare that presently 
our Company/Firm ___________________is having unblemished record and is not declared 
blacklisted/bankrupt for any reason either indefinitely or for a particular period of time by 
Any Central Government/State/PSU/Autonomous Body . We further declare that presently 
our Company/ firm __________________is not blacklisted or bankrupt or has any 
proceeding for bankruptcy , insolvency and not declared ineligible for any reasons by any 
State/ Central Government/ PSU/ Autonomous Body on the date of Bid Submission. If this 
declaration is found to be incorrect then without prejudice to any other action that may be 
taken, my/ our Bid security may be forfeited in full and the bid if any to the extent accepted 
may be cancelled. 
Thanking you, 
Y ours faithfully 
 
(Signature of the Authorized signatory of the Bidding Organization) 
Name  : 
Designation  : 
Contact no                                     : 
Email id                                          : 
Date  : 
Company Seal  : 
Business Address  : 
--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
Form 4: List of Key Personnel 
<<on Bidder letter head>> 
S. No Name of Key 
Personnel 
Area of Expertise 
Position/T ask assigned for this  
job 
1.    
2.    
3.    
4.    
5.    
6.    
Note: 
1.Names of only the Key Personnel should be mentioned in the table above. 
2. One Key Personnel cannot be assigned more than one role and more than one person 
cannot be proposed for a key role. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                           
--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
INTEGRITY PACT 
Between T elangana State Road Transport Corporation (TGSRTC) hereinafter referred to as 
“The Principal” And ( ________________________________________________) hereinafter 
referred to as "The Bidder/Contractor" 
 
Preamble 
PRINCIP AL intends to award, under laid-down organisational procedures, contract(s) for 
___________________________________ package. The PRINCIP AL values full compliance 
with all relevant laws and regulations, and the principles of economical use of resources, 
and of fairness and transparency in its relations with its Bidders/Contractors.  
In order to achieve these goals, The PRINCIP AL will appoint an Independent External Monitor 
{IEM}, who will monitor the tender process and the execution of the contract for compliance 
with the principles mentioned above. 
Section I - Commitments of PRINCIPAL 
(1) PRINCIP AL commits itself to take all measures necessary to prevent corruption and to 
observe the following principles: 
a) No employee of PRINCIP AL, personally or through family members, will in connection with 
the tender , or the execution of the contract, demand, take a promise for or accept, for 
him/herself or third person, any material or other benefit which he/she is not legally 
entitled to. 
b) PRINCIP AL will, during the tender process treat all Bidder(s) with equity and fairness. 
PRINCIP AL will in particular , before and during the tender process, provide to all Bidder(s) 
the same information and will not provide to any Bidder(s) confidential/ additional 
information through which the Bidder(s) could obtain an advantage in relation to the tender 
process or the contract execution. 
(c) PRINCIP AL will exclude from evaluation of Bids its such employee(s) who has any 
personnel interest in the Companies/Agencies participating in the Bidding /T endering 
process 
(2) If Principal obtains information on the conduct of any of its employees which is a criminal 
offence under the relevant Anti-Corruption Laws of India, or if there be a substantive 
suspicion in this regard, he will inform its Chief Vigilance Officer and in addition can initiate 
disciplinary actions under its Rules. 
Section II - Commitments of the Bidder/Contractor 
(1) The Bidder/Contractor commits himself to take all measures necessary to prevent 
corruption. He commits himself to observe the following principles during his participation in 
the tender process and during the contract execution. 
--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
a) The Bidder/Contractor will not, directly or through any other person or firm, offer , 
promise or give to PRINCIP AL, or to any of PRINCIP AL's employees involved in the tender 
process or the execution of the contract or to any third person any material or other benefit 
which he/she is not legally entitled to, in order to obtain in exchange an advantage during 
the tender process or the execution of the contract.)   
b) The Bidder/Contractor will not enter with other Bidders into any undisclosed agreement 
or understanding, whether formal or informal with other bidders/Contractors. This applies 
in particular to prices, specifications, certifications, subsidiary contracts, submission or non-
submission of bids or actions to restrict competitiveness or to introduce cartelization in the 
bidding process. 
c) The Bidder/Contractor will not commit any offence under the relevant Anti-corruption 
Laws of India; further , the Bidder/Contractor will not use for illegitimate purposes or for 
purposes of restrictive competition or personal gain, or pass on to others, any information 
provided by PRINCIP AL as part of the business relationship, regarding plans, technical 
proposals and business details, including information contained or transmitted 
electronically . 
d)  The Bidder/Contractor of foreign origin shall disclose the name and address of the 
Agents/representatives in India, if any , involved directly or indirectly in the Bidding. 
Similarly , the Bidder/Contractor of Indian Nationality shall furnish the name and address of 
the foreign principals, if any , involved directly or indirectly in the Bidding. 
e) The Bidder/Contractor will, when presenting his bid, disclose any and all payments he 
has made, is committed to or intends to make to agate, brokers or any other intermediaries 
in connection with the award of the contract. 
(2) The Bidder/Contractor will not instigate third persons to commit offences outlined above 
or be an accessory to such offences. 
Section III- Disqualification from tender process and exclusion from future contracts 
(1) If the Bidder , before contract award, has committed a serious transgression through a 
violation of Section II or in any other form such as to put his reliability or credibility as Bidder 
into question, the Principal is entitled to disqualify the Bidders/ Contractors from the tender 
process or take action as per the procedure mentioned in the "Guidelines on Banning of 
business dealings" 
Section IV – Compensation for Damages 
(1) If the Principal has disqualified the Bidder[s] from the tender process prior to the award 
according to Section III, the Principal is entitled to demand and recover the 
damages equivalent to Earnest Money Deposit/ Bid Security . 
(2) If the Principal has terminated the contract according to section III, or if the Principal is 
entitled to terminate the contract according to Section III, the Principal shall be entitled to 
--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
demand and recover from the Contractor liquidated damages of the Contract value or the 
amount equivalent to Performance Security . 
Section V- Previous T ransgression 
(1)  The Bidder shall declare in his Bid that no previous transgressions occurred in the last 3 
years with any other Public Sector Undertaking or Government Department that could 
justify his exclusion from the tender process. 
(2) If the Bidder makes incorrect statement on this subject, he can be disqualified from the 
tender process or action can be taken as per the procedure mentioned in "Guidelines on 
Banning of business dealings”. 
Section VI - Equal treatment to all Bidders / Contractors 
(1) The Bidders/Contractors undertake(s) to demand from all subcontractors a commitment 
in Conformity with this Integrity Pact, and to submit it to the Principal before contract 
signing. 
(2) The Principal will enter into agreements with identical conditions as this one with all 
Bidders, Contractors and Subcontractors. The Principal will disqualify from the tender 
process all bidders who do not sign this Pact or violate its provisions 
Section VII – Criminal Charges against violating Bidder(s)/ Contractor(s)/ 
Subcontractor(s) 
If PRINCIP AL obtains knowledge of conduct of a Bidder or a Contractor or his subcontractor 
or of an employee or a representative or an associate of a Bidder or Contractor or his 
Subcontractor which constitutes corruption, or if PRINCIP AL has substantive suspicion in this 
regard, PRINCIP AL will inform  the Chief Vigilance Officer (CVO). 
Section VIII - Independent External Monitor/Monitors 
(1)  That PRINCIP AL (TGSRTC) has appointed ________________________________ as 
Independent External Monitors for this Pact. 
(2) The Monitor is not subject to instructions by the representatives of the parties and 
performs his functions neutrally and independently . The monitor will have access to all 
contract documents whenever required. It will be obligatory for him to treat the information 
and document of the Bidders/Contractors confidential. He reports to the Managing Director 
TGSRTC. 
(3) The Bidder(s)/ Contractor(s) accepts that the Monitor has the right to access without 
restriction to all Project documentation of the Principal including that provided by the 
Contractor . The Contractor will also grant the Monitor , upon his request and demonstration 
of a valid interest, unrestricted and unconditional access to his project documentation. The 
same is applicable to Subcontractors. 
--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
(4) The Monitor is under contractual obligation to treat the information and documents of 
the Bidder(s)/ Contractor(s) with confidentiality . The Monitor has also signed Declaration on 
Non-Disclosure of Confidential information and of 'Absence of Conflict of Interest. In case of 
any conflict of interest arising at a later date, the IEM shall inform Managing Director , 
TGSRTC and recuse himself/herself from that case. 
(5) The Principal will provide to the Monitor sufficient information. about all meetings 
among the parties related to the Project provided such meetings could have an impact on 
the contractual relations between the Principal and the Contractor . The parties offer to the 
Monitor the option to participate in such meetings. 
(6) As soon as the Monitor notices, or believes to notice, a violation of this agreement, he 
will so inform the Management of the Principal and request the Management to discontinue 
or take corrective action, or to take other relevant action. The monitor can in this regard 
submit non-binding recommendations. Beyond this, the Monitor has no right to demand 
from the parties that they act in a specific manner , refrain from action or tolerate action. 
(7) The Monitor will submit a written report to the VC & MD of TGSRTC within 8 to 10 weeks 
from the date of reference or intimation to him by the Principal and should the occasion 
arise, submit proposals for correcting problematic situations. 
(8) If the Monitor has reported to the VC & MD of TGSRTC, a substantiated suspicion of an 
offence under relevant IPC/ PC Act, and the Managing Director has not within the reasonable 
time taken visible action to proceed against such offence or reported it to the Chief 
Vigilance Officer , the Monitor may also transmit this information directly to the Central 
Vigilance Commissioner . 
(9) The word Monitor will include both singular and plural 
Section IX - Pact Duration 
This Pact begins when both parties have legally signed it. it expires for the Contractor 12 
months after the last payment under the contract, and for all other Bidders 6 months after 
the contract has been awarded. Any violation of the same would entail disqualification of 
the bidders and exclusion from future business dealings. 
If any claim is made/ lodged during this time, the same shall be binding and continue to be 
valid despite the lapse of this pact as specified above, unless it is discharged / determined 
by VC & MD of TGSRTC. 
Section X - Other Provisions 
(1) This agreement is subject to Indian Law . Place of performance and jurisdiction is the 
Registered Office of the Principal i.e. T elangana State. 
(2) Changes and supplements as well as termination notices need to be made in writing. Side 
agreements have not been made. 
--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
(3) If the Contractor is a partnership or a consortium. this agreement must be signed by all 
partners or consortium members. 
(4) Should one or several provisions of this agreement turn out to be invalid, the remainder 
of this agreement remains valid. In this case, the parties will strive to come to an agreement 
to their original intentions. 
(5) Issues like Warranty / Guarantee etc. shall be outside the purview of lEMs. 
(6) In the event of any contradiction between the integrity pact and its Annexures, the Clause 
in the  integrity Pact will prevail. 
 
 
 (For & On behalf of PRINCIP AL)                       (For & On behalf of Bidder/Contractor) 
 
(Office Seal)                                                      (Office Seal) 
 
Place: _________________ 
Date: _____________ 
Witness 1 :________________________________ 
(Name & Address) ________________________________ 
Witness 2 : ________________________________ 
(Name & Address) ________________________________ 
-------------------xxxxxxxx----------------- 